

--- FILE: A $1B app shut down, so I built a $14K_month alternative (transcript).txt ---

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

[Speaker 2] (0:00 - 0:58)
When I heard Skype was shutting down, I saw an opportunity. This is Denis, a self-taught developer who came across a golden opportunity, a tweet. When I saw the tweet, I thought, why not me?

Right after seeing this tweet, he got to work. He built a prototype in a weekend and got his first paying customers almost immediately. After I did this, I got my first sale in minutes.

In just seven months, he went from nothing to a $14,000 per month app, and he's just getting started. I brought Denis onto the channel to break down exactly how he did this, and in this video, we'll dive into how he built his MVP in just one weekend, his exact Reddit launch strategy that got him sales in minutes, and his playbook on how you can do exactly the same thing if you build apps in proven markets. This story is amazing, and I'm excited to share it with you guys.

I'm Pat Walls, and this is Starter Story. All right, Denis, welcome to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story.

[Speaker 1] (0:58 - 1:13)
Hello, my name is Denis. I built Yadaphone. It makes $14,000 a month.

I launched it in March 2025, days after Microsoft announced that it was closing Skype, and in under seven months, we've gone from zero customers to 10,000 registered users.

[Speaker 2] (1:13 - 1:20)
Okay, seven months to get to 14,000 MRR is insane. Can you share some more of the numbers behind this very fast growth?

[Speaker 1] (1:20 - 1:59)
So in the first month, when we just launched, Yadaphone made $4,000. Two months three, we've climbed to $10,800. And last month, so on the six months of the existence of Yadaphone, it made $13,300.

In these seven months, in total, we reached more than 10,000 registered users. 4,500 became paying individual customers. And as we also have a B2B segment, we have 20 enterprise clients.

In September, Yadaphone users made in total 27,000 calls. And this statistic means that at any given moment in September, somebody was using my website to make a call.

[Speaker 2] (1:59 - 2:07)
Okay, let's dive into this very fast growing app here. It sounds like it's something similar to Skype, but can you explain to me what Yadaphone is and what type of customers use it?

[Speaker 1] (2:08 - 3:09)
Yadaphone lets people make and receive cheap international calls right in browser. International calls are generally very, very expensive. A 10-minute call could easily cost you between $50 and $100, depending on your country and provider.

Yadaphone solves this problem by using the voice over IP technology. That means that you can call any mobile or landline number for cents. Our clients are travelers, expats, or just in general, businesses that need to make a lot of calls.

Yadaphone is a pay-as-you-go international calling service. And that really differs us from most of the other competitors out there, because the others operate on a SaaS model. That means that if you are an individual customer, you need to buy a subscription that usually costs $30 a month or more.

And if you're a business, you need to buy a seat or a subscription for each of the members of your organization. We allow businesses to just purchase a certain number of credits, and then all of the organization members of this business can just use this central balance to make calls. Whenever you run out of credits, you can just top them up and that's it.

[Speaker 2] (3:09 - 3:19)
Okay, before we get into the idea and how you came up with it, I want to know a little bit more about your background. I understand you don't come from a crazy technical background. Can you tell me a little bit more about that?

[Speaker 1] (3:19 - 4:07)
I have no technical background whatsoever. I actually am a trained diplomat, so I used to study for diplomatic work in Russia. Then I moved to Austria.

I quickly understood that I wanted to work in a startup as a programmer, so I taught myself how to code in two months, mainly with books and courses. Then I actually started working in the company, and I realized that this is not the thing for me. I want to have my own startup instead of working at somebody else's company.

I started to do freelancing to support myself. At any given moment, I was working on something on the site, and my first projects, they were ugly. They had no users.

Then slowly with each of them, with each of my projects, I learned one thing or the other. My design started to be better. My code started to be more reliable.

With each of the projects, I just learned something new, and eventually it all piled up into this set of skills that ultimately let me build YottaPhone.

[Speaker 2] (4:08 - 4:21)
I love that you built a lot of projects and you built up a lot of skills that eventually led you to the right timing to build something that took off, which ended up being YottaPhone. Can you give me a little bit more details about how you found the idea for YottaPhone?

[Speaker 1] (4:21 - 5:08)
I travel a lot. When it comes to government offices, banks, businesses, migration authorities, they are not on messenger apps. The only way to call them if you need something is physically making a call, and doing it abroad is freaking expensive.

I've always been using Skype for that. I've been their loyal client, and then in March 2025, Microsoft announced that they were closing it down. Then I saw a tweet by Peter Levels saying that he and his friends were also using Skype, and he was quite pissed that Microsoft was closing it down.

He encouraged people publicly to build a Skype alternative, and I thought, why not me? Turns out I'm not the only person using Skype to make international calls, which I didn't know. And then I just built a quick prototype over the weekend.

I launched it on Reddit and X and got my first sales in minutes, which never happened to me before in any of my previous projects.

[Speaker 2] (5:08 - 5:20)
Okay, I mean, that's amazing. You saw an idea on Twitter, you had built up all these skills from all these kind of previous projects, and you decided to build it. Can you go a little bit deeper on how you actually built this app?

[Speaker 1] (5:20 - 5:41)
When I first started building my site projects, I just used React, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, regular stuff. Then Next.js came out, and it turns out that you can build stuff pretty quickly with it. So I used Next.js as a full stack framework for my application. I used Courser and LLMs, but it doesn't always look great. So I had to correct a lot of things and tweak stuff on the design site manually.

[Speaker 2] (5:42 - 6:43)
Okay, what I love about the story, Dennis, is that you built this tool in just one weekend. You didn't spend months planning or overthinking the idea. You had already built the skills.

Now it was time to just execute. You built a simple landing page and you just launched it. And this is proof that when you actually learn to build and ship, your life can change in just one weekend.

And this is exactly what we do inside Starter Story Build. It's our program where you will learn how to build and launch your project using AI coding tools in just a couple weeks. The best part is that you don't even need to know how to code.

You can just show up, follow our building framework, and finally ship that idea to the world. Our next AI Build Bootcamp is starting this week. So if you are ready to build, head to the first link in the description to claim your spot.

All right, let's get back to the interview. Okay, so you mentioned that you've launched this and you got users overnight. That's obviously not the case for a lot of people watching this.

They probably built stuff and that didn't happen. So tell me the exact things you did that made this app successful so quickly.

[Speaker 1] (6:43 - 7:51)
Back then, I didn't have any social media audience whatsoever. I used to have 60 followers on Twitter for years, but I knew how Reddit works. And the thing about Reddit is that you can get millions of impressions without having any followers at all.

I launched products in it before. I got blocked a lot, but I knew how to write stuff up, which subs to target, which tone of voice to use. So I decided to launch primarily on Reddit.

My first posts were just screenshots of the core functionality of my app, which I think really made it stand out. It was a very simple and clean web dialer interface and a couple of sentences about the product. I wrote to the subreddits for travelers, because I thought that this is my main core audience.

I got blocked there really fast and it was quite demotivating. But before I got blocked, I had enough time for the users to see my posts. The most crazy thing is that I got the first sales minutes after my first Reddit posts.

I've never seen anything like that before. And there was a clear sign that my idea was validated. Then I started posting regularly on subreddits for entrepreneurs.

A very good thing about entrepreneur subreddits is that there you can, first of all, showcase your project, promote your project yourself, and you can also post links to your projects and you don't get blocked for this. In the first week, I got 150 users.

[Speaker 2] (7:52 - 8:05)
Okay, so that's amazing. You post on Reddit, it got blocked, but you still got paying users. I'm curious, you had a bunch of apps that you built before.

They clearly didn't have this sort of validation or traction. What do you think you did right or got right with YottaPhone?

[Speaker 1] (8:05 - 8:39)
I think the key thing about this idea is that it's not an idea at all. It's a validated market, which was first validated with the tweet by Peter Levels I saw. And then by sales, I got from my Reddit posts.

And apart from that, it was a combination of a very good timing, because at the time Microsoft announced it was closing Skype down, people started looking for alternatives. And that created a lot of virality around all posts that were connected with this kind of big news event. And the third component is that I just had enough skills at that point that I could create something that looked good, solved a real problem, and people were willing to pay for it.

[Speaker 2] (8:39 - 8:56)
Okay, so that's amazing. Proven market, a little bit of timing, and you had set yourself up for success. I think that's a great recipe.

That brings me to my next question for anybody watching this. If you were to start over again, what would be your playbook to build a successful app like YottaPhone right now?

[Speaker 1] (8:56 - 11:53)
I would say that the first step is find the market where your competitors are dinosaurs. They are old-fashioned and slow-moving. YottaPhone is not the only app on the market that's offering international calling.

I have competitors, and they've been on this market for 20, some cases for 30 years. But the thing is that those kind of companies are very slow to change and to adapt to changing market conditions. Those markets have validated demand, and you can get usability and design really fast, better than those old-fashioned competitors.

Step two, build your MVP really fast and start posting about it everywhere. On X, Reddit, LinkedIn, whatever social media you can find. Your MVP doesn't have to be perfect.

Try to nail design and usability. Make sure that your core feature works well. In the case of YottaPhone, that was plainly making an outbound call from the app.

And make sure you have a compelling story to tell. This is especially important for Reddit, because people there are really fast to scroll, and they will disregard stuff that's not interesting for them. My story was of a lone engineer that was standing up to take the place of a giant company.

Step three, when a big competitor leaves, they have a lot of articles still mentioning them. And that's a great chance to rank on keywords that would you otherwise never have a chance to rank for without a high domain authority website. People think you need to be a big established company to get mentioned in high priority blog posts and articles, but this is just not true.

My process was like this, and it's really simple. I looked for the keywords that I wanted to rank on, like for example, Skype alternative. Then I found the blog posts that were ranking there, and tried to find the authors of those blog posts.

Sometimes it was X, sometimes LinkedIn, sometimes email, but I just wrote directly to the authors, asking whether they could mention Yadaphone. They either agreed to add my tool on their blog posts, or just replace Skype with Yadaphone altogether. And this felt crazy, because Yadaphone replaced a giant well-established brand name, and that obviously draw a lot of traffic to my website.

Step four, keep iterating. I used to text every single paying customer for six months, asking for feedback. I just said, hey, I'm Denis, the founder of Yadaphone.

I would be thrilled to know what you think about the app, and how your experience was so far. This is time consuming, and you don't always have the energy as a founder for it, but this is immensely helpful, because it helps you figure out what are your user segments, and who your app is serving the best. And also, it's catching the bad reviews early, and you have the chance to react to bad experiences to the app, before people go and give you bad reviews.

Step five, create a B2B app as soon as possible. Enterprise has bigger checks and much lower churn. When I started with Yadaphone, I thought it would be a pure B2C app for travelers and expats to call abroad.

I created my enterprise plan totally by accident. A guy texted me in the middle of the night, asking if Yadaphone has a enterprise plan for his organization. I said, of course we do.

And to tell you a secret, we didn't. I coded my enterprise plan in a panic mode through the night, because the next morning, I had to live demo it in front of this customer. By the way, he is still a Yadaphone customer, paying around $1,000 for it each month.

So yeah, that would be my playbook if I was starting today.

[Speaker 2] (11:53 - 12:03)
Thanks for sharing that. I think that was awesome. I'm going to switch topics a little bit, and I want to learn about how you built this.

What's your tech stack? What kind of tech are you using to build this software?

[Speaker 1] (12:03 - 12:34)
I use Cursor for coding, and also sometimes for writing copy. Bristle for hosting my solution. I do my keyword research with Ahrefs, and I use Stripe for payments.

Also with AI, it's very easy to build your own custom solutions. I built my own system for handling support requests and admin panel with Cursor. I catch most support requests early, so that I can regulate my workflow.

I can be very efficient with support and can afford to stay solo founder, thanks to it. My main cost is Twilio that is handling calls, and I pay them around 35% of my monthly earnings.

[Speaker 2] (12:34 - 12:47)
Okay, thanks for sharing that, being transparent about the numbers. The last question that I have for you, that we ask all founders who come on Starter Story, for anyone who's watching this that wants to start something like you, a B2C app, a SaaS, anything online, what would be your advice?

[Speaker 1] (12:48 - 13:29)
I would advise to do search engine optimization from day one. You have to be very patient with it. I think SEO is pure magic to most developers, because it doesn't come naturally to us.

We're used to quick feedback loops. You change something in your code editor, seconds after you see the changes taking effect in your local host. With CEO, it's not the case.

CEO changes take weeks, sometimes even months, but it pays off immensely. My competitors started ranking better for the keywords I targeted, even though I was first to the market. I looked at the SEO, chatted a lot with ChatGPT about it, and then it turns out it was a very small, stupid detail.

My sitemap didn't have a 3W prefix, and Google just ignored all the pages I wanted to rank. So you have to be very attentive to details with SEO.

[Speaker 2] (13:29 - 14:19)
Okay, thanks for coming on, Dennis. I'm going to be checking my sitemap right after this. Make sure I got that www in there.

But dude, you build an awesome business. It's insane how fast this is growing. Hope a lot of people watching enjoyed this interview and got inspired.

Thanks for coming on. Thank you, Pat. I was glad to be here.

Okay, thank you to Dennis for coming onto the channel. I think this is an amazing idea, because this happened in just the last seven months, and this is proof that building in proven markets is the way to build an app in 2025. And this is why we launched Starter Story Build, which is your opportunity to learn how to use AI coding tools to build and launch fast.

So when that opportunity pops up, just like it did for Dennis, you'll be ready to build. If you are ready to build and actually launch something, head to the first link in the description to check out Starter Story Build. All right, that's it for this episode.

Thank you guys for watching. I'll see you in the next one. Peace.

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

--- FILE: Business ideas to build without quitting your job (transcript).txt ---

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

[Speaker 1] (0:00 - 13:08)
Kan du faktiskt göra 10 000 dollar per månad utan att släppa jobbet? Det är det vi kommer att hitta ut idag. Tre apper som gör 10 000 dollar per månad, byggda av människor som väntade på att släppa sina fulltidsjobb tills de var klara och kassaflöde.

Och i den här videon ska jag visa er det, inklusive vilka typer av apper de byggde, hur de kunde hålla på med deras tid med en fulltidsjobb och ett sidoprojekt, och potentiellt varför att hålla på med sina fulltidsjobb faktiskt gjorde deras företag mer succesfulla. Det jag ska dela med dig av idag är inte generella idéer. Detta är verkliga apper byggda av verkliga människor som faktiskt hade en fulltidsjobb och byggde livsändande företag.

Och om du är redo att göra samma sak, kolla definitivt på Starter Story Build. Jag lägger en länk i beskrivningen. Det är vår program specifikt för människor som har en fulltidsjobb som är redo att bygga en app och göra det i bara några dagar med AI.

Okej, utan att förlänga mer, gå in i de här företagen. Jag har Starter Story Database här. Det finns en massa idéer här som du faktiskt kan bygga.

Och jag lägger en länk i beskrivningen för dig att kolla på den här databasen. Så ja, kolla på den. Okej, nu börjar vi med den första idé jag ska dela med dig av idag, som är T.LY. Detta är en URL-kortning som gör 15 000 dollar per månad. Det här verkar ganska coolt, så kolla på det. Så, T.LY. Jag byggde en URL-kortningstool med 350 000 aktiva användare som ett sidoprojekt. Den är byggd av Tim Leland och gör 15 000 dollar per månad.

Och det här är riktigt coolt. Det är en URL-kortning, alla vet vad det är. Om du har en riktigt lång länk och du vill korta den, så kan du lägga den där.

Då får du T.LY. Det verkar som att de har några priser här, som är 5 dollar per månad, 20 dollar per månad och 50 dollar per månad. De har också en länk-kortning eller Chrome-anläggning här, som jag pratar om i en sekund. Det hänger lite med den här historien.

Men ja, han byggde den här idén när han hade en fulltidsjobb. Och jag tror att det är den första lilla notan som jag har som jag tror är intressant. Han gillar verkligen att bygga sidoprojekter och säger att han gör det under sin fritid.

Så om du gillar att bygga sidoprojekter, kan du föreställa dig att göra det och göra det gratis och inte göra något pengar. Det är redan en riktigt bra sign. Och det är alltid något jag vet om folk som gör pengar online.

De gillar verkligen att bygga sidoprojekter och de skulle göra det även om de inte gjorde pengar. Så han hade sin första sidoprojekt som fick traktion, det var hans Weather-browser-anläggning som har 200 000 användare. Han gillar verkligen det här.

Nu ska vi prata om hur han hittade idén. Idén kom från att Google släppte av sin länk-kortning-service i mars 2019. Och det var då han insåg att det skulle finnas en stor behov av en annan länk-kortning-verktyg.

Och det är en bra plats att gå och hitta idéer. Google är känd för att släppa av många olika projekt. Och varje gång Google har projekt, så är de fria.

Så när Google släpper av, även om det har miljoner av användare, så kan Google släppa av. Och folk måste gå och hitta alternativ. Så varje månad finns en Google-produkt som släpper av.

Kanske finns det några idéer där. Nu ska vi prata om hur vi byggde det här. Att bygga MVP för en länk-kortning-service var ganska lätt och tog bara några dagar.

MVP inkluderade en API för att korta och öka länkar. Och det är en lösning som jag tycker är intressant. Det här är en enkel produkt.

Den kan kodas upp tydligt i några dagar för att få den att fungera. Och det är en av skälen till att jag ville dela med mig av den här idén. För idéer som du kan bygga med en 9-5 är att du borde bygga lite enkla projekt.

De kan inte få en miljon dollar på dag 1 eller dag 2. Men de är enkelt att få ut och starta att få användare. Och sen kan du hitta ut monetiseringen senare.

Det ger mig till min sista poäng om hur vi faktiskt byggde det här. Det finns säkert tusen länk-kortningar där. Varför växte den?

Det finns två orsaker. Den första är att han skapade en browser-anläggning för att göra det här. Jag har inte sett det tidigare.

Att ha en browser-anläggning som kortar länkar för dig. Normalt går man bara till en hemsida och gör det. Men det finns säkert många som bara vill att det är gjort i det här samarbetet.

Så att de kan göra det riktigt snabbt. Det fick honom en massa användare. Och den andra är den här länk-kortningen som han hade.

Som jag tyckte var intressant. Eftersom det är en länk-kortning så adverterar T.ly sig automatiskt varje gång någon delar en länk. Så om jag kortar en länk med T.ly och jag skickar den till min vän och sen han skickar den till andra människor och de skickar den till andra människor så växer T.ly tekniskt. Mer och mer människor ser det vilket kan leda andra människor att gå och korta fler länkar och den här växtloppet fortsätter att hända över och över. Han behöver inte gå och köpa eller köpa ads eller göra något sådant. Den här länken växer sig själv eftersom den har den här byggnadspronunkterna.

Så för att släppa av den här lämnar jag dig med ett fint tips från den här funderaren om hur man hittar idéer. Om du tittar på idéer så är det definitivt en riktigt coolt sätt att tänka på det. Jag har kommit upp med hundra idéer och de flesta av dem har varit dåliga.

Jag gillar att skriva ner mina idéer och komma tillbaka till dem ett par veckor senare för att se om det fortfarande spänner mig. Jag kommer sen att undersöka problemet för att bestämma om det finns en lösning. Jag uppfattar ofta att en app finns för problemet eftersom det inte finns nya idéer.

Jag tänker sen på hur jag kan förbättra eller simplifiera problemet och skapa en bättre mousetrap. Det här är handlingen jag tar innan jag bygger en ny app. Jag tror att det är riktigt coolt.

Du kan gå och ha en idé och förstå att det finns en massa lösningar som redan finns. Stanna inte där. Det finns fortfarande sätt att göra den idén fungera för att förbättra det, för att simplifiera det, för att byta upp det för att göra något.

Det är exakt det han gjorde. Det finns en mängd länkskortningar utomlands men han gör 15 000 dollar per månad med hans och jag tror att det är riktigt coolt. Okej, då tittar vi på den nästa idé vi har här som är Backlinker.

Det är en AI-påverkad rapporterutbildning som gör 20 000 dollar per månad byggd av en man som heter Bennett Hain. Så det här är Backlinker AI. Du får 65 % mer SEO-traffik med en outreach-backlink.

Så ja, jag vet dessa här. Jag får dessa e-mailer hela tiden för jag har en stor hemsida, starterstory.com. Folk vill få backlinks.

Det här är en liten kottingsindustri men det är faktiskt riktigt, riktigt stort. Jag tror att du får tre säkerhetsbacklinks och jag kan se hur AI kan verkligen automatisera det här. Jag älskar det.

Han byggde det till 20k MRR i ungefär 13 månader. En stor anledning till det här är bara kraften av AI och vad AI kan göra. Han byggde detta när han hade en fulltidsjobb och han har faktiskt fortfarande en fulltidsjobb.

Jag gjorde lite krepang på honom här men det här är hans LinkedIn-profil här och han har fortfarande en fulltidsjobb som arbetar på Adobe, en stor teknisk företag. Och det är coolt. Det jag noterade när jag tittade på det här och en av lärdomarna och take-aways som jag vill dela med dig om den här fallstudien specifikt är att han byggde en produkt i en liknande område i industrin som vad han gjorde i sin fulltidsjobb.

Han hade en bakgrund i digital marknad som du kan se av vad han gjorde på Adobe. Förväntningar, marknader och insatser, generativa motoroptimisation. Detta är marknadsroller där jag tror att han vet mycket om marknader och SEO och han byggde en produkt runt det.

Han hade redan hela den här byggt upp-experiensen så att han kunde bygga något medan han hade en fulltidsjobb. Han hade redan mycket av den kunskapen och insatserna. Det är en liten sak men det är väldigt, väldigt viktigt.

Det är mycket lättare att bygga något som du har mycket kunskap om än att bygga något helt randant. Om han hade byggt, jag vet inte, en snackbolag eller något sånt där där han gjorde proteinbar. Vad vet han om proteinbar?

Det är väldigt, väldigt viktigt att bygga något där du redan har kunskap och insatser. Det kommer att ge dig en stor start. Så det är väldigt viktigt.

Låt oss gå in på hur han faktiskt byggde det här vilket jag tycker är supercoolt. Han gjorde en massa linkbyggande i SEO och han gick inte bara och byggde den här outreach-backlink-servicen, byggde hela produkten och gjorde allt det här. Han gjorde något riktigt smart.

I stället för att gå och bygga den här galna grejen så byggde han det med grundläggande verktyg. Han använde automatiska processer som Zapier. Han sorterade ihop det för att se om AI och alla dessa verktyg kunde faktiskt fungera.

Sen gjorde han något ännu smartare. I stället för att gå och bygga produkten igen så gick han faktiskt på Fiverr och offrade det till verkliga klienter. Fiverr är en massiv marknadsplats där du kan få service för outreach.

Backlink-outreach skulle vara en av dem. Han gick dit och offrade service för att få backlinks men han gjorde det som om han bara var en frilansare och han testade sina verktyg medan han gick för att se om de fungerade. Det hjälpte att utveckla produkten och se om det fungerade och se om det var något han kunde faktiskt förändra till en SaaS.

Så det är det viktiga där. När han validerade de två sakerna så byggde han SaaS-verktyget som man faktiskt kan använda. Det är som en egen app eller en egen webbapp som folk kan använda.

Nu betalar han 300 dollar per månad per klient för att få de här backlinks. Det är det sista som jag tycker är intressant här han byggde inga dyra produkter. Han byggde något som kostade 300 dollar per månad vilket skulle vara 3600 dollar per år.

Det här är verkliga företag som använder det och han behöver inte ha en miljon klienter för att ha en riktigt bra företag som använder 20 000 dollar per månad. I den här prissättningen här 300 dollar per månad betyder det att han bara behöver ha runt 60-70 klienter för att han ska använda 20 000 dollar per månad. Så jag tycker att det är riktigt coolt.

Så det är det. Det är ett riktigt coolt företag som byggdes av någon som faktiskt har ett fulltidsjobb och även det SaaS-månaderna det software-månaderna att bygga något coolt på sitten som du redan har erfarenhet och vetenskap i. Okej, nu ska vi gå in i det sista här och det är Client Portal här.

Så Client Portal betyder 11 000 dollar per månad och det växer år efter år och det är en Wordpress-plugin. Så det heter Laura Elisabeth. Så Client Portal är en Wordpress-plugin men om du har klienter så är det en plugin som du kan ge till dina klienter för dem att gå och besöka och få alla dina länkar och ombordning och allt sånt.

Så de behöver inte e-maila dig varje dag. Hur hittar jag detta? Hur hittar jag detta?

Det är allt i ett ställe. Det är trevligt och professionellt. Cool idé, riktigt bra företag men nu pratar vi om hur hon byggde det medan hon hade ett fulltidsjobb.

Hon började med Client Portal för att hon ville bygga något som hjälpte henne i sin daglig liv och gjorde sin jobb lättare och det är det som hon säger här. Client Portal började som något som jag gjorde för mig själv och det skulle vara det stora taket här är att om du söker en idé just nu bara kolla på din fulltidsjobb just nu och förstå vilka problem du har där. Om du gör fulltidsfrilansering som Laura gjorde här kanske kolla på en problem som du har där.

Hur kan du bygga en liten produkt som löser den problemen? För om du har någon slags problem så betyder det att det finns hundratals eller tusentals eller även potentiellt miljoner av folk som också har den problemen och du har den unika positionen för att förstå den problemen och bygga något bra. Och det är det som hon säger här.

Jag gjorde inte Client Portal med intentionen att sälja en produkt alls. Jag gjorde det med intentionen att använda den. Och i allmänhet var det det som gjorde det riktigt, riktigt lyckligt.

Okej, nu går vi till hur hon faktiskt byggde det här. Så det är det nästa som jag tycker är riktigt intressant. Hon hade en fulltidsjobb.

Det var frilansering. Det var det hon gjorde. Hon hade inte kassan eller tid att faktiskt bygga något sånt här.

Så i stället för att bara gå och bygga det var hon inte en software-utvecklare. Hon kunde inte ens göra det. Hon sa, okej jag kommer inte att bygga hela det här och hoppas att folk ska betala för det.

Varför inte bara gå och göra pre-sälj? Så sälj produkten innan det ens finns än. Och det är exakt det hon gjorde.

I stället för att investera sin egen pengar i det bestämde hon sig för att lajta pre-sälj av klientportalen och validera behovet för produkten och fundera utvecklingen. Och genom att göra det så säljde hon 10 000 dollar av pre-sälj för det här produktet. Det betyder att folk som riktigt, riktigt ville ha produkten och var beredda att betala för det innan det ens existerade.

Det var det hon gjorde och det funderade utvecklingen av pluggen. Och det hänger verkligen in i hennes sista del råd här som hon har vilket är få din produkt eller idé in i skogen så snabbt som möjligt. Faktiskt genom att lajta den här pre-sälj-kampanjen hade hon folk på huggen som var beredda att köpa och som behövde det här produktet.

Och det var en stor momentum-byggare för henne att faktiskt bygga det här och faktiskt lajta det här. Och på reflektion förstår hon att om hon inte hade den incentiven så är jag inte säker på att klientportalen även skulle bli avslutad nu tre år efter att skriva det här. Och det är kraften av att göra pre-sälj och bara lägga något ut där även om det inte känns färdigt.

Så jag tror att klientportalen är ett fantastiskt exempel på något som du kan bygga när du har en fulltidsjobb där du släktligen kan flytta din ränta över till software-ränta där du inte måste köpa din tid för dollar. Så det är de tre idéerna som jag vill dela med dig idag. Du kan gå till den här databasen här på Starter Story.

Jag lägger en länk där. Du kan se en massa fler idéer av verkliga människor som byggt verkliga företag när de hade en fulltidsjobb. Starter Story, den företag som jag byggde, jag byggde också den när jag hade fulltidsjobb.

Så det är definitivt möjligt och kanske det inte gör så mycket sens att gå och flytta din jobb. I stället, börja bygga saker, göra lite pengar på sidan och sen kan du känna dig riktigt trött när du flyttar din jobb när du är redo. Och en liten sak som jag ville poängtera.

Laura hade spenderat ett par tusen kronor på en utvecklare för att få sin idé att komma till livet. Det här var många år sedan. Nu i dagens AI kan du göra det själv i bara ett par veckor, kanske även mindre.

Även om du har en fulltidsjobb och ingen kodingskärnelse kan du bygga något bara som det här. Du kan bygga WordPress-plugins, du kan bygga webbappar, du kan bygga allting. Om du vill bygga något som de människor vi pratade om i den här videon, så kolla på Starter Story Build.

I en vecka eller två veckor om du tar en av våra program, så kommer du med en idé, du bygger den, du flyttar den till det riktiga världen och har den redo för att börja få kunder och börja göra pengar. Låt oss börja bygga. Låt oss gå.

Vi ses i nästa. Jag hoppas att du gillade det. Låt mig veta vad du vill att jag ska översätta nästa gång.

Hej då.

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

--- FILE: Can't code_ Build these $10k_mo apps! (transcript).txt ---

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

[Speaker 1] (0:00 - 6:37)
No code. Are non-developers actually making money with apps or is it a waste of your time, which might be better spent just learning how to code or outsourcing all this out? Well, we've been doing our research here at Starter Story and that's what we're going to find out today.

And most importantly, I'm going to be showing you ideas today that can be built without being super technical. Each of these ideas I'm going to show you is making at least $10,000 a month. And for each one I'll go over the specific app that was built and the idea behind it, how you can build something like this with no code or vibe coding tools and how these apps grew and got their first customers.

If you're ready to build something similar to the ideas I share today, well, you can check out Starter Story build. It's our 12 day program, where you'll come up with an idea, build it with AI tools and ship it to the real world. I'll put a link in the description for that, but without further ado, let's dive into our no code database right here.

There's a ton of ideas in here and I'm just going to be going over a couple today. I'll put a link in the description. If you want to access this database of 100 ideas, but let's hit the first one right now.

This one right here is called user loop. I'm going to check this out real quick. User loop, how this no code SAS grew from 10 K MRR with ease.

Before we even go and look at what this app is, I always like to look in Starter Story. We have what app is this problem solved because all good, successful businesses solve some sort of painful problem. So user loop simplifies gathering customer feedback for Shopify merchants, turning potentially overwhelming data into clear, actionable insights to boost sales and customer satisfaction.

Okay, so I like this. Seems like this is something that helps people who runs Shopify stores, get more information about their customers. Let's go check out the website real quick here.

Okay. We have user loop.io and really quickly, I'm getting a sense that this is some sort of Shopify plugin that collects customer information. So for example, you check out, I'm looking at this right here, you check out from Shopify and it can ask you a question like, where'd you come from?

How was your experience? And this is really useful for people who run bigger Shopify stores or any business running online. Hey, I want to get more information on where my customers are coming from.

If I can get this data, then I can see, Oh, most of my customers are coming from YouTube. Okay. I'm going to create more YouTube videos, right?

This is really, really valuable data for people to get, but how do you get this data? Well, you can put something on your website that collects surveys and you can get this information before we even get into how to build something like this. I just want to talk about why I like this business idea.

This is a Shopify app and I'm on their app store page right here. And as you can tell, this isn't a huge app. They don't have a huge amount of reviews, 24 reviews, but they're all five stars.

And I personally love Shopify apps and really more generally plugins that exist on a marketplace because it has built in customer base and built in distribution. You know that millions of Shopify stores exist. And there are a lot of people out there looking to customize it, improve it, whatever it is with their Shopify app.

So what I think is really cool about business ideas like these, I think it's a great first business idea is build a plugin, build it on any sort of marketplace. That's big Shopify, Slack, Monday.com, notion. There's lots and lots of huge platforms out there and you don't need an audience to get started.

You don't need a big marketing budget to get started. A lot of people are going to find you just through the Shopify app store, which I'm going to talk about in a second. And I'm going to go back to the starter story case study right here.

And let's go over the section of how he built this thing. And I'm seeing right here already that he built the platform using bubble and no code solution that out allowed for rapid prototyping iteration. The initial version of user loop developed in just a few days over holiday period started as a simple tool that sent emoji reactions, emails for feedback collection.

Got it. Okay. So the first thing that I think is cool about this is, yeah, you can build something this with no code tools.

I think bubble is something that definitely works. I've interviewed a few people through the starter story channel who have actually built real businesses on bubble. And I think it's a great platform to start.

So instead of doing the whole Shopify integration and building the whole Shopify app and doing all these things, it seems like he actually started with a simpler MVP, but I am reading right here that they're still built on bubble because bubble has a lot of flexibility. Then they use some other tools like hook deck, open AI and mux for different things inside of bubble. So I think it's important to point out the MVP thing, but now let's talk about growth.

How does a business like this actually grow and get customers? I think the most important thing, which I sort of talked about earlier is it's Shopify integration, more specifically this concept called ASO, which is app store optimization. There's a video that I put right here where we talked to a founder of a different Shopify app who's doing like four to 5 million a year.

And his secret sauce was really just app store optimization. So what that means is have a good looking app store page right here. As you can see, it's designed nicely.

It looks professional. It has all the keywords of someone is searching for surveys that will come up and then focus on getting five star reviews. The more reviews you get, the more your app will be surfaced to the top because Shopify wants you to have a good experience in the app marketplace using other apps.

And then it's just a game of building a great product, getting reviews and you don't need to spend a whole lot of marketing. This is a great business idea. This is definitely something you can build without code.

Even for the more complicated stuff that can be done with vibe coding tools like potentially a cursor, cloud code and that sort of thing. So I think this is a really, really cool business idea that can be built without code. If you want to learn more about this, you can check out their profile on starter story, which is a part of the database.

But without further ado, let's get to the next business idea. That's making $33,000 a month that I think you can build without a bunch of technical expertise. Easy gen.

This is an AI tool for generating LinkedIn content. And before you click off right now, I do think this idea is actually really cool. It's making $33,000 a month as the time that we researched this business.

So let's take a look at what it does. Okay. So this is how AI SaaS easy gen hit 33 K MRR in five months.

Easy gen solves the problem of time consuming LinkedIn content creation and offering an affordable AI tool that transforms ideas into polished posts, making content accessible and manageable for professionals who need to maintain an active presence without spending hours writing. So it's a huge time saver. The painful problem is I don't want to spend a bunch of time writing LinkedIn content.

I want to hang out with my family and work on my business. That's a painful problem that deserves a good solution. How does this app actually work?

Let's go check out their website right now. This is easy gen right here. The LinkedIn post generator that works.

I do like that. They have a video right here that shows how it works. I mean, let's check out this video.

[Speaker 2] (6:37 - 6:50)
Okay. Two ways to use easy gen. My favorite way is that you go on Pinterest, you select an image, you download it.

Hopefully it's an infographic. And then you just drag and drop the topic and then easy gen is going to extract the text. Okay, cool.

[Speaker 1] (6:51 - 15:07)
This app is quite simple. You can go check out the website if you want to see what it does. I don't want this to make it sound like this is such an easy business or something like that, but the app itself is quite simple.

Really there's a place where you can upload a photo or put in some content of what you want to talk about. And then it just spits out a LinkedIn post that you can copy and paste over your LinkedIn and post it. From what I can see here, it doesn't seem to actually even have the scheduler feature where it posts it for you on LinkedIn.

I think that's cool and shows that the hard part is actually just writing the great content and you can paste it over pretty easily. Let's talk about how you could build something like this. Okay.

So from what I can see what this app does, I'm sure it does a lot more stuff, but there's really like two core technologies that it uses here. The first one is the open AI or maybe it's Claude or something else, but it's the vision API. It has this feature where you can upload a photo.

Well, the open AI vision API makes it really easy to understand what that photo says or has on it. So that's the first thing. Then it's using another open AI API, potentially the GBT 4.0 or 4.1 text generation. This takes the input, which is the photo or other text input and then outputs the actual LinkedIn post and it's probably trained on a few LinkedIn posts. This app itself is also just a web app. It's probably not too complicated in the grand scheme of things.

This is something that you can build with a tool like lovable and lovable is really great specifically for web apps. So building an app that you can access from your browser or from your mobile browser. Shameless plug, I will shout out the starter story build bootcamp specifically for building web apps where you will learn lovable, super based GitHub and a bunch of other tools and in this bootcamp you'll come up with an idea.

You'll build this idea with AI tools will help you with a bunch of stuff like authentication, database, and a bunch of things like that. And then we'll help you ship that idea to the real world that real customers can use. So this is definitely something that you can build with a web app and definitely with vibe coding or no code tools like bubble or potentially lovable in some of the other new tools.

Let's jump into their pricing real quick. We're here. I just want to show that this is an app that charges a decent amount of money, $60 a month for the monthly plan.

And the annual plan is $600 a year. You get two months free. I think that pricing may sound like a lot, but when you think about the type of customer that's using this professionals on LinkedIn, maybe companies are using it.

Uh, people with inside companies are using it. And I think that that's where that pricing can actually make sense. And of course we will never skip the growth part of the business.

How did this business grow? Well we have some information on this in our star story case study, which you click the link to the database below this business. The number one way it grew was through LinkedIn, which is actually kind of genius.

And this is this concept called dog fooding where this guy, Ruben, he's building out his LinkedIn profile. He's using his tool to build out his LinkedIn profile. He's developing it.

He's iterating on it. He's making it better. And then he's having these maybe big LinkedIn posts.

It's getting a lot of engagement and he can reply to those LinkedIn posts and say, Hey, this post was generated with easy gen my tool. And now all of a sudden you have proof that this tool works and you have this built in distribution of thousands or millions of people viewing your LinkedIn posts that you created about creating on LinkedIn. And then it just really makes sense for someone to click in and maybe you want to try your tool and pay for it as well.

So I think this is a really cool business. It's a somewhat simple tool that you could build, but obviously don't go and just copy this business and build a LinkedIn generator tool. Think about similar use cases where people are wasting a bunch of time writing content.

Maybe it's posting content on X, maybe it's on Reddit, maybe it's emails. I don't know. There's so many different ways to tackle this problem.

I think this is a great business and that's why I wanted to show it to you guys. All right, let's jump into the last idea we're going to be sharing today. This is actually probably my favorite idea for reasons that you may not expect.

So this is the agent nest. It's a SAS for real estate agents marketing content and it is making $10,000 a month. Cool little business, high margin business, fully digital business.

This is our case study right here. And as you guys know, we're going to dive right into the problem that this starts. If you're watching this right now, I hope this sticks with you.

But what problem does this business solve? If you can understand what the painful problem it's solving, then we can sort of back into other businesses that we can potentially build. So the agent nest helps real estate agents who struggle to find time or expertise for self marketing by giving them customizable, ready to use digital print materials that will save them countless hours.

Boom. Just like the last idea we talked about saves people time from writing LinkedIn posts. This is saving people time from marketing their real estate business.

And I don't know a lot about the real estate business, but what I do know is that I really like business ideas like these, but let's check out their website to see exactly what their business does. Okay. This is the affordable monthly membership for real estate agents.

That doesn't really say anything to me. I'm not a real estate agent, but let's see what you get over 3000 pieces of marketing content and counting 2000 customizable social media posts made for, okay, I see what they're doing. And this is genius.

This is what I call the vault strategy. Maybe it's the template strategy or the template database, but I love businesses like this. Why?

Because this is what I built for starter story. Starter story is essentially a vault of case studies about successful businesses and business ideas. You can see all of our case studies right here.

You can filter through them and you can read all that. This is a business that I've built over many years. This is our database right here that the one we're just talking about now, I've built this up, but at the end of the day, it's just a big database of a bunch of data and interesting articles that people who want to start businesses want to pay for.

That's exactly what we're doing here as starter story and starter story. My main business has generated millions of dollars in revenue. I love this kind of business, but let's talk about how you could actually build something like this.

And I have no affiliation with this product here, but I have heard it being passed around behind the scenes on building with no code. This app is called softer here. Again, I have no affiliation with it, but I'm sure a lot of people will download after watching this, but it's maybe less known or less popular right now than the lovables of the world and the cursors.

But this is a nice, maybe a little bit more beginner angle. And I'm looking at their templates. They have templates right here.

This is the marketing campaign management template. And as you can see right here, you could probably create something similar where you have a vault of templates. So the question that I have for you, if you're watching this is unless you're really into real estate, which I'm guessing that most people watching this aren't, you're probably not going to go and build a real estate SAS like we have here because you don't have as much expertise in that.

And you'll eventually get bored and give up. But what is the thing that you have a lot of expertise in? What do you know a lot about that you could create a vault or a database about maybe if you're a salesperson, it's a vault of cold emails.

I don't know. There's so many ideas, plug that into chat GBT and see if maybe there's something you could do. I think that building something like this would be quite easy to do at least to get to the MVP and validation stage.

But as we always do, let's talk about the growth. How does a business like this grow? You can create the vault and the database, but you got to get it in front of people.

And I'm reading the case study right here. And it looks like the main way that Molly did this. Well, the first thing that she did, which is really, really smart is that she had built up contacts in the industry and she just cold emailed all 1000 of them.

I guarantee you that this got her at least initial users and probably a couple paying customers, or at least those people that she emailed, eventually became paying customers. And then she built it up from there. That's another reason why you have to think about what do you know, what are you specialized in?

Because likely you have contacts, you have people, you have users that are already waiting for your tool. Okay, that's it for no code of business ideas. I hope you guys liked the examples I shared.

If you want to see more examples, just go check out the database that I linked below and you can go look through a bunch of more examples in there. Please let me know what you thought about those examples, or if you have any more examples, put them in the comments. Lastly, I will just share starter story bill.

That's build that starter story.com. You can check out some of our programs, which is developing web apps, developing mobile apps, and a bunch of other stuff that we have in there. I'll put the link in the description for that as well.

That's all I have for today. Let me know what types of business ideas you want me to cover next. Peace.

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

--- FILE: Give me 24 minutes and I'll teach you how to make $1m (transcript).txt ---

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

(0:00 - 0:14)
All right, I'm gonna be honest, look, I am pissed. I am annoyed with the hundreds of DMs that I get every single day from people who want to become a millionaire, but haven't been told what I'm about to tell you earlier. And it will all make sense in a moment.

(0:14 - 0:32)
I'm gonna walk you through the exact blueprint that I'd follow if I lost everything and had to start from scratch. Look, I made my first million at 23, and I went from having $50 to my name to doing over $150 million in my agency and becoming a shark on Shark Tank. And no one is more surprised than I am.

(0:32 - 0:43)
That's why I'm not here to sell you some magic shortcut. I'm here to show you what actually works right now because the game has changed. All right, let's get stuck into it.

(0:43 - 0:50)
Step number one. AI is replacing jobs faster than anyone expected. Everything that moves will be robotic.

(0:51 - 1:04)
Could AI be coming for your job? Concerns are growing about AI replacing some human workers. Trust in business is collapsing and everybody is distracted. And most people are going to be wiped out in this new wave of disruption.

(1:04 - 1:22)
But disruption is a window. And if you know where to look, then you can turn chaos into your first million dollars. Okay, so what is the new game? Well, the new game is to learn to use AI to solve $1 million problems for $1,000 faster and cheaper than anybody else.

(1:22 - 1:35)
And it's not that there's like a brand new vertical that it is that you need to enter. It's all about solving these problems quicker and faster than traditional businesses are able to do. And you need to go where the big money is already flowing.

(1:35 - 1:55)
I'm talking about the boring cash-rich verticals like home services, legal, admin, customer acquisition. These are all the traditional businesses that have the biggest AI gap. Now, don't look at these verticals and go, Sabri, they are already completely swamped with competition and think that that is a downside.

(1:55 - 2:18)
That is an absolute rookie mistake because competition is proof, not danger. It shows that there is already a crowd in this market, i.e. people are already willing to part with their money to have these problems solved, which is step number one. Solve $1 million problems for $1,000 using AI, which brings us to step number two.

(2:18 - 2:32)
And this is the biggest mistake that I see first-time founders make. I literally get 20 DMs per day from people who have made this fatal mistake. And it literally doesn't matter about anything else if you get this one thing wrong.

(2:32 - 2:44)
Because most people try to force attention and compete with much more established competitors or create demand. That is a rookie mistake. You don't want to build demand, you want to channel it.

(2:44 - 3:02)
The businesses that go out there and think, hey, I've got this incredibly innovative product that nobody else in the marketplace is selling. And it's so innovative that people don't even know that they need it, right? These are the pioneers that die with their face down and arrows in their back. You do not want to be this.

(3:02 - 3:27)
You want to go out to a market that is already proven, that people are already buying things and you simply want to channel some of that demand in whatever it is that you've got to sell. You want to hunt markets where money is already changing hands, where buyers are irrationally desperate and competition is sleep at the wheel. The key is that you want to find momentum so strong that it drags you with it.

(3:27 - 3:40)
And right now that stampede is AI. When I started my agency, King Kong, I didn't invent digital marketing. I picked the fastest growing, most underserved niche in business, which was customer acquisition.

(3:40 - 3:54)
And that gave me a tailwind because I didn't have to go out there and start to pedal something uphill. At the time of starting King Kong, it was 10 cents of every dollar was being spent on digital marketing. And I saw the future.

(3:54 - 4:08)
I saw that there is absolutely no way that that was going to continue. And I saw a future where it would be, you know, 70, 80, 90 cents of every single dollar would be spent on digital marketing. And 10 years on, that's where we find ourselves.

(4:08 - 4:23)
So I had the benefit of having that wind on my back, those tailwinds to propel my business forward. And I didn't need to swim upstream. So how do you actually find these markets? Well, the first thing that you need to do is follow the cash.

(4:23 - 4:44)
And you've got these big consulting groups like McKinsey, BCG, and Bain, who put out reports that are like blueprints that show you exactly where the cash is going. And they've got all of the most highest paid consultants in the world that will do a lot of that heavy lifting for you. They are constantly analyzing the market and they will show you where the opportunities are.

(4:44 - 5:27)
Now, if you don't want to read these reports, you can simply go to ChatGPT and prompt it to ask you using McKinsey, BCG, and Bain of what the markets are that are gonna have the biggest tailwinds in the next five years. Now, another lens that I like to look through in terms of picking a market is what is a service that is usually only available to rich people that you can make available to everyone? Think about how Uber, what they did is they took a private driver that was only available for rich people and they made it accessible to the masses using an app at the click of a button. Or Airbnb, they gave access to designer homes and exotic stays without the five-star hotel prices.

(5:27 - 5:59)
They took services that exclusively are only available to the rich and they made them available to the masses. This is a surefire way of already testing the industry to see if there is demand for these things because people are always gonna look up at those high-end services, but then they're gonna count themselves out and be like, this is not accessible to me. So whenever you see one of those hot markets that you can see that rich people are constantly using this service and you can think about a way to make that accessible to the masses, that is a winning idea, which is step number two.

(6:00 - 6:23)
Find a hungry analog market that is bleeding money. But listen, if you just want me to give you the market that you should enter, exactly what to sell and how much to charge, then you're gonna wanna take notes because that's exactly what I'm about to give you in step number three. So here are the five core AI skills and markets that I would enter today.

(6:23 - 6:36)
The first market is AI automation. I would build a virtual AI assistant that sets up automations using Calendly, Gmail, Notion, and ChatGPT. And you can apply this to any single market.

(6:37 - 6:51)
Whenever a lead books a call, it auto sends a personalized email, updates the CRM, and creates a custom property summary. And then I would charge $2,500 per setup to real estate agents. But it's not just real estate agents.

(6:51 - 7:11)
Any single market where you have leads coming in and automatically booking phone calls, and then there is a need for a salesperson or someone within the business to then interface with those leads, having a setup like this will literally save people thousands of dollars. The next is AI development. Now you might be thinking, hey, Sabri, I'm not a developer.

(7:11 - 7:37)
That's okay, because there are hundreds of thousands of these guys, if not millions on platforms like Upwork. And you can simply go to them and get a developer to build a backend tool using Python, OpenAI, and a legal AI database of existing legal cases. Then what happens is you get lawyers to upload a whole bunch of their standard stock contracts, and then the system will rewrite them for new clients.

(7:37 - 7:58)
They will flag risky clauses based on precedents and even suggest edits using language backed up by prior case law. And having a service like this will replace a $70,000 paralegal that law firms are paying right now. And I would charge them between $1,500 and $2,500 per month in order to get access to this.

(7:58 - 8:14)
And the third market is AI data analysis. So think about this one as an AI data scientist plus a growth marketer. And what you do is you connect Shopify and Clavio to BigQuery that uses ChatGPT to analyze trends.

(8:14 - 8:32)
So you build a dashboard that alerts a team when revenue dips or checkout abandonment spikes. And you could charge $5,000 per month to install a system like this. This one can be applied to literally any single industry that uses data to make decisions.

(8:32 - 9:00)
It basically gives any single business the ability to have a full-time data scientist. Okay, so this next market is AI copywriting where you train a custom GPT agent to write high converting sales copy, landing pages, ads, via sales, any piece of copy that is actually deployed that its sole job is to convert traffic into money. Or better yet, you could use Kong, which is my own software, I am biased.

(9:01 - 9:11)
The link is in the description. But you could use this tool to pump out thousands of proven ads in seconds and build out high converting funnels for businesses. This is a huge pain point.

(9:11 - 9:35)
Think about the market of agencies that exist that solely help businesses build out landing pages, build funnels, and write ads. And the way that Kong works is you simply copy and paste some basic information about those businesses into it. And it spits out winning ads, headlines, and landing page copy based on over $200 million in ad spend and $7.8 billion in sales.

(9:35 - 10:09)
Then you could take that copy, whether it's for ads or landing pages, and you go to those clients and you simply say, hey, these ads are gonna outperform your existing ads by a minimum of 20% or it's free because that's exactly what Kong promises. So whether they're running Facebook ads, Google ads, or they've got a landing page, or God forbid they're sending traffic to their homepage, you can use Kong to basically get all of the copy that you need to completely build out that funnel for them. Which brings us to the fifth and final AI market, which is AI design as a service.

(10:10 - 10:21)
So the core idea for this one is very, very simple. You use AI tools to replace an entire design team for a small business. And the way that I would offer this is as a modular service.

(10:21 - 10:48)
I would be picking of like, what is a specific outcome that businesses want when it comes to design? So a lot of businesses wanna update their social media. So I would sell social media content packs where they get five high quality carousel posts per month, styled in Canva using their brand colors, their quotes, it can rip copy off their website. And then they just have 15 high quality carousel posts that they can post on Instagram or TikTok or wherever it might be.

(10:48 - 11:11)
And these are completely engineered to what goes the most viral. Or you could offer a short form video pack where they get five to 10 AI generated 15 second reels to post online via Sora or Runway or Google VO3, whatever the technology might be that you choose to use. And they can simply then take those shorts and upload them to IG, TikTok or YouTube Shorts.

(11:11 - 11:30)
And the next one is D2C product photography. So you could use Mid Journey to generate ultra high fidelity product photography. Or you can even create 4K lifestyle shots that takes their product and puts it in the hands of an AI generated influencer in any single background that it is that they want.

(11:30 - 11:52)
And easily charge between 2000 and $5,000 per month. And you might be saying how? Well, all of these services are engineered to solve a bleeding neck problem that actually the client gets an ROI on. And they can look at this service and easily justify the two or $5,000 price tag because they're gonna make way more money than what it is that you're charging.

(11:52 - 12:16)
Now, who is this for? Well, you could apply this to local businesses without in-house designers. You can apply it to D2C e-commerce brands without data product pages, or even coaches, consultants, gyms, therapists, tradies or suppliers, or you could target influencers or info product creators that need monthly content. Everybody in business in today's day and age, they need content to post online.

(12:16 - 12:27)
We are living in the attention economy and any way that you can shortcut and you can remove the pain for them is gonna be a win. And that's step number three. The five core AI markets that print money.

(12:28 - 12:39)
Step number four. So how do we scale? This may be the most important step if you wanna get to a million dollars. So lock in because most people, they trade time for money.

(12:39 - 12:56)
And that's fine if you wanna create a job and not a business. I only like to build sales machines. And that is businesses that sell on autopilot and that compound in value because the new work model looks like this, where you have a two person, $10 million team.

(12:56 - 13:32)
Think about it where you have a visionary plus a technical director who can leverage AI. And this is the new norm where you have a director mindset, i.e. it is a high leverage business model where you can have the visionary that thinks about, okay, what is that dream destination that my prospects are trying to get to? And then you have the technical implementer who can then take that vision and break it up using AI where you get ridiculous leverage. You need to have the director mindset where you aim for 90% plus of all the repeat work to be handled by AI.

(13:32 - 13:49)
And here is my filter for doing this. So the three laws of leverage, you wanna be thinking about what is a business model that I can enter or a service that I can sell that has reoccurring revenue. You wanna get paid monthly where you're not having to constantly chase new clients forever.

(13:49 - 13:57)
And the next thing is that you need to have high margins. I'm talking about 80% plus. Think of it this way, digital beats physical.

(13:57 - 14:15)
So the cheat codes for these kind of high margin businesses are services or information that you sell online. Where most people fall into the trap when it comes to selling services or info is that they simply sell out their time. But what you wanna do is you wanna sell outcomes and not services.

(14:15 - 14:32)
Because when you sell an outcome, it allows for you to command higher prices. If you're constantly selling a service, people are like, they sit down, they scrutinize the list of everything that they're getting, how many hours that it is that you'd be billing them for. And it's constantly downward pressure on margins.

(14:32 - 14:55)
But when you sell an outcome, that allows you to speak to the prospect about, okay, where is it that we're trying to go? What's this problem that we're trying to solve? How much is it worth to you to solve that problem? And then you sell that outcome. But if you stop just here, you're gonna have a hard life. Because what it is that you wanna do is you wanna focus on the skills that you're acquiring while you're getting paid.

(14:55 - 15:11)
And then as you level up as an entrepreneur, you wanna move into bigger opportunities that leverage those skills even better than selling services. Which is step number four, high leverage business models only. Which brings us to step number five.

(15:11 - 15:26)
Listen, I sold $500,000 worth of services at King Kong before I even had a website. I actually did it with just a headset and a PDF. And I refer to this as my $500,000 PDF.

(15:26 - 15:35)
I didn't sit down and think, okay, I need to have a beautiful brand. I need to have a brand deck. I need to get one of those big fancy websites and I need to have all of these automations.

(15:36 - 16:01)
If I would have done that, then I probably wouldn't be sitting here talking to you today. But instead I thought about what is the quickest way to go from zero to one? What is it that I actually need that's gonna give somebody enough confidence to actually whip out their credit card and buy? And I thought, hey, I can cover most of what it is that I need to cover in a simple PDF. And then I would have a basic billing form that would collect all of their payment details and away I go.

(16:01 - 16:20)
Because the fastest way to waste time in business is to build something that nobody wants. So instead of building and going through all that enormous effort upfront, we are going to pre-sell your offer. So how do we actually do this and how do we get clients? Well, don't forget that we're starting from absolute scratch.

(16:20 - 16:32)
We have no money, no connections, no rich uncles, right? We are starting from the bottom. So here is our plan of attack. The first point is we are gonna be building a list of dream clients.

(16:33 - 16:48)
So whatever the niche is that you operate in, right? If you're gonna go after home builders, you wanna think about, okay, cool. These are the home builders that I'm after. And we wanna build a list of only all of the home building companies that are in the geography that it is that you're gonna be attacking.

(16:48 - 17:15)
And you might be thinking, oh, Sabri, that's a lot of work. How do I go out and do that? Again, we're gonna go to Freelancer or Upwork or any of these outsource platforms that we can find talent in order to do that for us. And there is endless numbers of data scrapers where you can simply say, hey, I want every single home building client in San Francisco or in the whole of Canada and they will go out there and they will build you a list of only those people.

(17:15 - 17:38)
Then what we're gonna do is we're gonna use cold email outreach to actually send a message to those people because we don't have enormous amounts of money to spend on paid ads and building funnels and doing all of that stuff. We have to get down in the dirt, roll up our sleeves and use human capital to go out there and get clients. We're gonna send 400 cold emails per day.

(17:38 - 17:50)
Again, we're not gonna do that personally. We're gonna use software. You could use Woodpecker or Instantly.ai. Again, these things you can get for $29 up to $99 a month.

(17:50 - 17:57)
It's not an enormous amount of money. And don't worry because our clients are gonna be paying for those fees for us. And I'm gonna get to that in a moment.

(17:57 - 18:13)
But we're not gonna stop here because this is just one of the tools in our arsenal. Then what we're gonna do is we're gonna use LinkedIn automation tools to get 150 contacts per day. You can use LinkedHelper, salesflow.io or Apollo.

(18:13 - 18:37)
Again, it doesn't matter about the technology. These things are forever changing and there are endless platforms that you can use to do this. Where it's basically, you're gonna again, identify who your dream client is, whether it's home builders, and you're gonna use these tools to automatically go and request connections to these people and then even message them and follow up with them for you so you get inbound leads coming into you.

(18:37 - 19:03)
Now, once we've got all of these contacts on LinkedIn, then what we're gonna do is we are gonna send one-on-one personalized Loom videos to a whole bunch of those contacts every single day. I like to spend one hour per day and send five super customized and personalized videos to those people because then we have a mixture of like the shotgun approach where we're doing 400 cold emails a day. And again, you gotta warm up to those numbers.

(19:03 - 19:20)
You can't just start on 400 straight out of the gate, but we're not gonna get into all the technicalities of sending cold emails because there are endless videos on YouTube that do a much better job at that. And you can walk through step-by-step exactly what it is that you need to do. But the whole thing is to not get bogged down.

(19:20 - 19:38)
It's movement, not meditation. And the way that we do that is we do this level of activity and we create a down and dirty PDF that summarizes what our offer is. And then when it comes time to somebody to actually buy, look, we're not taking clients right now or we're at full capacity, but we're gonna be opening this up in two months time.

(19:38 - 19:54)
All we require from you is a $2,000 deposit to hold your spot. Only once you take deposits, do you know that you have got product market fit because people are actually not just talking about doing business with you. They've pulled out their credit card and they're willing to pay you for the solution.

(19:54 - 20:10)
Which brings us to step number six. So at this stage, we have all of the groundwork laid. It's now time to introduce you to where most people because they get in their own way of ever becoming a millionaire because they overcomplicate things.

(20:10 - 20:35)
So let's make this super, super simple. As Elon Musk says, So you wanna think about like, how big is this problem that I'm solving? And how many clients do I need to get in order to hit that million dollar per year mark? And the way that I like to think about it is that the math needs to be so simple that even a third grader could grasp it. Let's break this down.

(20:35 - 20:45)
In terms of you've got your million dollar target. So this is what that looks like. You can either get eight whale clients that happily pay you $10,000 per month each.

(20:45 - 21:10)
Or you could go for 16 high ticket clients that pay you $5,000 per month or 41 medium sized clients paying you $2,000 per month each. 83 small businesses paying you $1,000 per month or 166 micro clients paying you $500 per month. But what I will tell you from experience is I probably wouldn't recommend going for 166 micro clients.

(21:10 - 21:28)
People look at it and they think, hey, it's gonna be way easier for me to charge somebody $500. Like they're gonna be so much more willing to spend that than they will for 5K, right? What I will tell you is that those $500 clients, they're gonna make your life a living hell. It's always the clients that pay you the least that cause you the most problems.

(21:28 - 21:41)
And it's also a much bigger number that we need to go after, 166. So I like the price point between two to 5K per month. And you need to be going after a problem that's big enough in order to justify that.

(21:41 - 21:57)
But that's the sweet spot. And what you can see is that you're gonna need between 16 and 41 clients in order for you to hit that million dollar per year mark. Which is super, super achievable, especially if you're following the plan of attack of reaching out to all these businesses like we just ran through.

(21:57 - 22:05)
And this is step number six. It needs to be back of the napkin math simple. If it's not, you're just completely overcooking it.

(22:05 - 22:22)
But none of these steps will matter unless you apply the seventh and final step. Because this is the difference between you building a business and not a job. Most people build a beast of a business that literally digs its claws into your back and leaves you with nothing but the scraps.

(22:22 - 22:40)
Okay, so once the business is growing, it is all about building a machine and not a circus. Because the amount of businesses that I look at and I speak to every single day, they are not businesses, they are a circus. It is complete and utter chaos in these businesses.

(22:40 - 22:50)
People are running around with their hair on fire. And that is not what it is I want for you. So a good mental model for this is that you wanna build a pizza size team.

(22:50 - 23:09)
So the way that I want you to think about it is that you wanna keep your team under eight people until you hit a million dollars in revenue. Because every extra person that you add, it adds drag and not lift. And the more it gets bigger, the more complex it's gonna get, the more managers that you're gonna need to bring in to manage those teams.

(23:09 - 23:20)
And at the end of the day, if you're sub $1 million, all of that is just noise. You wanna keep it as lean and efficient as possible. You need to systematize your business, otherwise you will die.

(23:20 - 23:36)
So what do I mean by this? Well, you need to document and delegate absolutely everything. Now at this stage, there's probably a voice in your head that's telling you all of the reasons why you can't execute this plan. But let me go back to what I told you at the start of this video.

(23:36 - 23:52)
You do not need money to start. All you need is courage, a starving market, and a strong offer. And if you wanna know exactly how to craft an offer that people simply can't refuse, then I made this whole video here that walks you through that whole thing step-by-step.

(23:52 - 23:58)
And remember, the world doesn't reward the cleverest, it rewards the most committed. Go get them.

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

--- FILE: How I Built It_ $20K_Month Chrome Extension (transcript).txt ---

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

[Speaker 1] (0:00 - 0:12)
Jag lärde mig hur man bygger en utställning och lanserade min första utställning i två eller tre dagar. Och idag är det runt 20 000-30 000 dollar MRR.

[Speaker 2] (0:12 - 1:18)
Hur kan en kille göra över 20 000 dollar per månad med en enkelt browserutställning? Det är för att han bygger i den hottaste nischen i företaget just nu, AI. Saeed Ezzati började sin resa som en användare, som arbetade för nästan en dekade i företaget i olika företag.

Men nu är han en egenföretagare, som gör en ganska bra liv medan han arbetar på ett sidoprojekt som han är passionerad om. Så jag spenderade över en timme att tala med honom och få en helt skop på hans 20 000 dollar per månad AI-företag. Det visar sig vara ganska enkelt och inte lika saturerat som man kan tro.

Det finns fortfarande mycket möjlighet, du behöver bara veta var du ska titta. I den här videon delar Saeed en masterklass om att bygga i AI. Var man kan hitta bra idéer, var man kan bygga dessa idéer och några unika sätt att monetisera dessa idéer, även om man är en beginner.

Okej, nu börjar vi. Jag heter Pat Walls och det här är Starter Story. Välkommen Saeed, det är trevligt att ha dig.

Berätta om vem du är och om den här företagen som du byggt.

[Speaker 1] (1:18 - 1:52)
Jag heter Saeed och jag är en softwareingenjör. ChachiPT-utrustningen som jag byggde heter SuperPower ChachiPT. Det är en browser-utrustning som baserat på en massa extra funktioner till ChachiPT.

Jag började med detta om ett år och ett halvt år sedan och idag är det runt 20 000 till 30 000 dollar MRR. Jag är den enda som arbetar med utrustningen. Den har blivit downloadad nära 260 000-70 000 gånger.

Den har haft 150 000 aktiva användare per vecka.

[Speaker 2] (1:55 - 2:03)
Okej, så du byggde en Chrome-utrustning till över 20 000 dollar per månad. Vad tycker du är den bästa strategin för någon att göra något liknande?

[Speaker 1] (2:03 - 2:56)
Två saker jag tänker på är att bygga en existerande stor plattform, som till exempel Gmail, Roblox, Facebook, Youtube, Twitter. De har redan alla dessa användare. Allt du behöver göra är att bygga utrustningen och de användarna kommer att hitta dig.

Twitter har hundra miljoner användare och om bara 2 000 personer vill ha de här funktionerna så är det en bra mängd pengar för dig att leva av. Det andra jag rekommenderar är att bygga utrustning till plattformar som har en existerande marknadsplats men en mindre användarbas. Zoom eller Salesforce är mycket lättare att konkurrera med i en sån marknadsplats.

De har mindre användare, men samtidigt har de mindre människor som bygger för de plattformarna. Så det är en annan bra plats att bygga ut några produkter.

[Speaker 2] (2:56 - 3:06)
Låt oss prata om möjligheten att bygga plug-ins i marknadsplatser. Vad gör det bättre än att lansera en traditionell SaaS som har sitt eget hemsida?

[Speaker 1] (3:06 - 3:40)
När flest människor vill börja ett projekt tänker de bara på att bygga en stand-alone-plattform som har sitt eget hemsida och frontera och allt. Men att konkurrera med alla på internet är mycket svårare än att konkurrera med ett lätt antal spelare i en mindre marknadsplats. Det hjälper också mycket med att validera produkten.

Det är mycket lättare att bygga en enkel anläggning som fungerar på en användarsbrowsar. På så sätt vet man minst om idén kommer att fungera eller inte. Och om den är värt att spendera mer tid på.

[Speaker 2] (3:41 - 3:52)
Jag fattar. Så att bygga för en existerande marknadsplats är mycket snabbare, det är mindre trångt och det är mycket lättare att validera din idé. Kan du berätta hur man faktiskt kommer upp med en idé för en marknadsplatsplattform?

[Speaker 1] (3:53 - 4:55)
När ChatGPT lösnades hade jag redan några idéer om vilka anläggningar som missade. Initiellt när jag byggde de här anläggningarna, byggde jag främst anläggningen för mig själv. Och sen försökte jag hitta platser där mina användare skulle hänga ut.

Subreddits är en av dem, Discord-kanaler är en annan. Slack-grupper är en annan, Facebook-grupper är en annan. Jag bara samlade in alla dessa grupper och började lyssna på människor och försökte hitta ut vilka anläggningar som andra vill se i ChatGPT.

Jag tror att det här är en av de bästa sättet att komma upp med en idé. Gå där dina potentiella kunder hänger ut och se vad de behöver och försöka bygga det. Och det här var faktiskt en av mina största utvecklingshack som jag använde till den här anläggningen.

Bara lyssna på människor, vad de vill, försöka implementera en anläggning och sen gå tillbaka och berätta till dem att jag använde den här anläggningen. Du kan använda den här anläggningen och ha den här anläggningen som en del av ChatGPT-interface.

[Speaker 2] (4:56 - 5:58)
Saeed är ett perfekt exempel på en kraftig internetbyggare. Han hittar sina idéer genom att spendera tid på forskning. Forskning i kommuner, forskning genom sina egna problem och frustreringar och mest viktigt, forskning i andra företag för att se om man kan bygga något bättre.

Vad om det fanns en lättare sätt att avsluta all den här forskningen? Det är därför vi gjorde denna Solo Developer Deep Dive. Den avslutar 50 olika Solo Developer-företagsidéer som inkluderar deras företagsmodeller, sina kundprofiler, den plattform som de byggt på och en hel del andra coola saker som du vill veta.

Så om du faktiskt är seriös om att bygga en bra sidoprojekt som Saeed, gå till den första länken i beskrivningen och jag ska ge dig en djupdive av 50 developer-idéer gratis och förhoppningsvis hjälper det dig att hitta din egen idé. Nu, vi återgår till Saeed. Okej, så vi vet var och vad man ska bygga, men hur ska man bygga det?

Vilka typer av erfarenheter eller kodspråk måste man lära sig?

[Speaker 1] (5:58 - 6:31)
Om du vet hur man bygger en enkel webbsida, så vet du hur man bygger en extension. JavaScript, HTML, CSS. Det var hur jag byggde den första versionen.

Det var väldigt, väldigt enkelt. Det var bara två erfarenheter. Men faktiskt har jag aldrig byggt någon browser-extension.

Förut lärde jag mig hur man bygger en extension och lanserade min första extension i två eller tre dagar efter att ChatchPT lanserades. Så jag säger inte att alla enkla projekt kan fungera. Timing är väldigt viktigt här.

[Speaker 2] (6:31 - 6:41)
Jag lanserade riktigt, riktigt tidigt. Okej, så du kan hitta, bygga och lansera en produkt ganska snabbt. Men hur får du faktiskt användare eller ögonbågar på din produkt?

[Speaker 1] (6:41 - 7:33)
Jag har aldrig gjort några ads eller något för extensionen. Allt det här hände organiskt genom ord av mun eller genom att jag postade på olika plattformer. Jag tror att det första stället jag postade var på Reddit.

Jag tror att det gick till toppen av den subreddit jag postade på den dagen. Men samtidigt så började folk som är på sociala medier börja skriva revyer om topp 10 ChatchPT-extensions till exempel. Och min extension hade de fönsterna i princip.

Så jag skrev inte dem, jag betalade inte för dem att skrivas. Jag har aldrig betalat för någon att skriva ett artikel. Allt var organiskt.

Folk började hitta det, började använda det. De gillade idéerna, de gillade fönsterna och började dela de idéerna med deras följare. Och det hjälpte mycket med att förändra användarnas bas.

[Speaker 2] (7:33 - 7:53)
Wow, så du har inte betalat något pengar på marknadsföring? Ja, klart att vara tidig hjälper mycket. Men jag tror att det som står ut är att folk i princip började marknadsföra din plug-in för dig eftersom du byggt en riktigt bra produkt.

Finns det några andra tidiga möjligheter som någon som tittar på det här kan ta tillväxt av just nu? Och hur kan du bygga ständiga produkter i de nivåerna?

[Speaker 1] (7:53 - 8:34)
AI är riktigt kraftfullt, men det är fortfarande väldigt tidigt. Och doktorer kanske inte tänker på att ta AI in i deras jobb. Men jag tror att om du gör det, så finns det många möjligheter.

En av mina favorit saker är att prata med mina användare. Och varje gång jag pratar med en användare försöker jag att lära mig så mycket som möjligt om dem. Vad de gör, vilken bakgrund de har och hur de använder ChaiGPT.

Att lära sig om hur en lärare använder ChaiGPT för att göra deras jobb lättare eller en doktor använder ChaiGPT för att göra deras jobb lättare är en av de bästa sätten att komma upp med nya idéer och bygga nya produkter för människor som inte direkt använder AI.

[Speaker 2] (8:35 - 8:41)
Okej, nu ska vi prata om monetisering. Vi vet hur man bygger det och hur man får användare. Men hur gjorde du faktiskt med din första dollar?

[Speaker 1] (8:42 - 9:36)
För de första nio månaderna var utställningen helt fri. Alla utställningens funktioner var helt fria. Om du frågar mig idag, tror jag att jag skulle ha monetiserat utställningen tidigare.

Men samtidigt tyckte jag att det hjälpte mycket att växa min användning. Så jag ville få in den publiken. Jag började skriva en newsletter för den användning jag hade.

Det var tre eller fyra månader efter att jag började med utställningen. Jag postade min newsletter på några av de webbsidor som du kan få sponser för. Under en vecka eller två hade jag min första sponsor som betalade mig ett par hundra dollar för att bara posta en adress på newslettern.

När jag först började skriva en newsletter tog det kanske sex eller sju timmar varje dag. Nu tar det kanske två timmar att skriva en newsletter.

[Speaker 2] (9:36 - 9:44)
Wow, så du tog en ganska ovanlig väg och började med att göra pengar från newslettern först. Men hur har du monetiserat den egna Chrome-utställningen?

[Speaker 1] (9:45 - 10:14)
Efter de första nio-tio månaderna började jag tänka på nya utställningar som jag kunde tillägga till utställningen och fråga folk att betala för de extra utställningarna. Så jag frågade ingen att betala för de existerande utställningarna som utställningen hade. Alla av de utställningarna blev fritt.

Jag prövade olika priser. Jag experimenterade med högre och lägre priser. Jag hittade en mellangrund som jag trodde var den bästa vägen att prisa utställningen.

[Speaker 2] (10:15 - 10:20)
Vad är de kodlångor, tekniker och software som du använder för att bygga som entreprenör?

[Speaker 1] (10:20 - 11:03)
Jag använder mest av min tid i VS Code. Det är en kodeditor. Där skriver jag alla mina koder för alla mina projekt.

När jag byggde utställningen gick jag tillbaka till pura JavaScript med inga framgångar. Jag använder AWS för alla mina framgångar. Alla mina projekt lever på AWS.

För utställningen använder jag Beehive. En av de fina sakerna med Beehive är deras monetisering. De har något som heter Booms.

Du kan bara använda länkar från din utställning och få pengar. Jag använder Passion Fruit. Där hittar folk mig och kontaktar mig för att sponsera utställningen.

[Speaker 2] (11:03 - 11:18)
För att avsluta, jag vill prata lite om en kontroversiell sak i AI-rummet. Du har byggt utställningen till över 20 000 dollar per månad, men det är en chat-GPT-rappare. Finns det nån nedgång till det, och är du orolig över det?

[Speaker 1] (11:19 - 11:41)
OpenAI kan bygga utställningen varje dag. Jag har använt det länge, och nu känner jag mig nöjd med det. Jag vill inte vara orolig över det idag.

Om min utställning börjar fungera, så kommer jag att försöka bygga en annan utställning. Eller en av de andra stora plattformarna. Det kommer att göra mitt liv mycket svårare.

[Speaker 2] (11:42 - 11:50)
Okej Saeed, sista frågan. Vilken råd vill du ha för någon som bara börjar utställningen, som vill bygga sin egen software-företag, eller plugga in i en marknadsplats?

[Speaker 1] (11:51 - 12:17)
Försök att validera projektet så snabbt som möjligt. Bygg en ny version, och lansera den, och se om du får några användare. Försök att göra det, och det andra jag nämnde tidigare, fokusera på din kraft.

I mitt fall var det att bygga en produkt, dela den med folk fritt, och få mina första flera användare av det. Så de två sakerna är det viktigaste, i min opinion.

[Speaker 2] (12:17 - 13:05)
Yo guys, I really hope you enjoyed the video, and got some hopefully good tips and golden nuggets from Saeed. But I want to say something real quick. At the end of the day, the point of these videos is to show you ideas, and show you it's possible.

But hopefully, you take these ideas, and go start your own profitable thing, and your own successful business. While learning this stuff is important, taking action is the thing that's actually going to change your life. So, spend time researching, learning, finding ideas, but then go build that thing as fast as you can.

If you're still feeling a little lost on this right now, well click the first link in the description, and you're going to get our free report of solo developer ideas that are actually making money right now, so you can get going on your thing. Much love, and I'll see you guys in the next one. Peace.

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

--- FILE: How I Built It_ $9,000 Per Month Micro SaaS (transcript).txt ---

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

[Speaker 1] (0:00 - 0:03)
My app does one thing and makes 9k a month.

[Speaker 2] (0:03 - 0:08)
This is Leandro and he built an app that literally does just one thing.

[Speaker 1] (0:08 - 0:11)
If you want to build a successful plugin, you need to understand this.

[Speaker 2] (0:11 - 0:19)
But before the success, he was freelancing and doing side jobs until he came across a framework that changed everything.

[Speaker 1] (0:19 - 0:22)
It has hundreds of business ideas waiting to be built.

[Speaker 2] (0:22 - 0:47)
In this video, Leandro shares it all. How to quit freelancing and build for yourself. How to validate and build your idea in two weeks.

And this huge opportunity hiding in plain sight. All right, let's get into it. I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story.

Welcome Leandro to the channel. Thank you for coming on. Tell me about who you are, what you built and what's your story.

[Speaker 1] (0:48 - 1:03)
My name is Leandro and I built an app that does only one thing and makes 9k per month. Scene2Sheets is an add-on that runs on the sidebar of Google Sheets and allows users to sync their Notion databases to Sheets. I built it in two weeks and it has been around for four years now.

[Speaker 2] (1:03 - 1:10)
All right, cool. So you built a plugin that makes $9,000 a month. Tell me a little bit more about this business and some of the numbers behind it.

[Speaker 1] (1:10 - 1:37)
So Scene2Sheets runs on the side of Google Sheets and it's kind of part of the Google Workspace marketplace. We have more than 70k users in the application. We have more than 450 paying customers.

And we get kind of 5k visitors a month. And lifetime revenue probably around 120k for the last four years. I would say that the last year or two years is where we made most of the money.

[Speaker 2] (1:37 - 1:48)
All right. So one reason why I wanted to bring you on the channel and what I love about your business is it just does one thing. I think that's super cool.

Tell me a little bit about how you found this idea.

[Speaker 1] (1:48 - 2:38)
So what happened four years ago, I was building an integration between Google Sheets and another service. I was working with the Sheets API, so I gained a lot of knowledge about it. And at that time, Notion released their official Notion API.

There was a gap between what users needed and what was available in Notion. So I said, OK, I need to validate if there's going to be a need for that kind of integration to sync Google Sheets with Notion. So what I did, I went to Reddit.

I checked the subreddit of Notion and searched for keywords like Sheets, Google Sheets, Excel, CSV, all related keywords to what I was trying to build and validate. And I found a lot of people trying to export the information from Notion into Sheets to work with the data. I was confident to build an MVP in two weeks.

So I just built the MVP and started to find users and beta testers to do the job.

[Speaker 2] (2:38 - 2:45)
Cool. Well, I mean, I think that's super cool. If you're starting today, where would you go looking for more opportunities for this type of business?

[Speaker 1] (2:45 - 3:22)
I believe Zapier is a good place to go and find those kind of opportunities. So if you go to Zapier and you check, for example, the most common subs, you will see that pair of two applications. For example, QuickBooks and Sheets.

There's a lot of companies and small businesses using QuickBooks for accounting, and they need to move that information to check the invoices, the payment orders and everything and work with that data. And doing that in Zapier is kind of messy. You need to create different subs for updates, for creates, deletes and everything.

So if you're able to build that in just one piece of software that does everything, you're going to be solving a huge pain point for customers.

[Speaker 2] (3:23 - 3:31)
That's perfect. I love that. Let's take a step back.

I know that you have an interesting background. You live in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Tell me about your background and how you got into building apps.

[Speaker 1] (3:32 - 4:28)
So I first studied electronics engineering. I really love like taking things apart and investigating everything. I went to college.

College made me literally hate electronics. So that way I said, okay, I need to learn by myself. I chose JavaScript because in JavaScript you can build mobile apps, web apps and everything.

So it took me kind of a year. Life got in the way. I did freelance in eight years.

It's kind of hard. You have an entrepreneur spirit. You want to make the decisions and sometimes you're not in charge.

So yeah, I was kind of tired of that kind of work. I wanted to create my own schedule for the day. Just be able to build things, be with a computer and solve problems.

I said, okay, I already have some savings. I already know how to code. I have experience.

Now I want to give it a shot. It was during COVID that I decided to take that step. I quit everything.

No more clients. No more anything. I just decided to build my own thing.

[Speaker 2] (4:28 - 4:35)
Cool. Okay, let's get a little bit more technical here. I want to know about how you actually built this thing, how long it took to build and how you launched it.

[Speaker 1] (4:35 - 5:06)
So the add-on is built using Apps Script. Apps Script is a language from Google services that allows you to extend Google Docs, Sheets, Slides and all Google services. So that's what I used to build the UI and everything of the add-on.

Then I used VS Code as my coding editor. To build MVP, as I mentioned before, it has some experience using the Sheets API. So that really helped at the beginning to create the first version.

And it took me two weeks. Just Stack Overflow, Google and searching for everything there.

[Speaker 2] (5:07 - 5:11)
I love that. Let's talk about ideas. How do you go about finding ideas that can make money?

[Speaker 1] (5:12 - 5:45)
Yeah, I'm not the kind of guy that goes looking for ideas. I usually read a lot of blog posts, eggs, YouTube videos. Ideas spark in my mind and I just write them down.

I have a huge list of ideas. And it's funny when the same idea pops up different times. Those are the kind of ideas that you work on.

But if I were to look for ideas, I would use... I think Upwork could be a great place to find ideas. Because you can go there and see what people are looking for to build.

And maybe if you can translate that into a known solution to offer to other users, I think there could be some really good insights in there.

[Speaker 2] (5:46 - 5:56)
On that same note, let's talk about validating those ideas. Once you've come up with an idea and even potentially launched it or thinking about launching it, how do you know if that idea is validated? What's your approach to that?

[Speaker 1] (5:56 - 6:47)
Yeah, for new ideas, I usually first look if there is something that already exists that is similar or the same. Is this an enterprise solution? Is this for small businesses?

Is this for individuals? You can check the existing prices to see what's the potential for that idea. That's kind of the first step.

Then if I'm going to continue building, I need to know that I'm going to be able to have something that differentiates me from the rest of the products that already exist. If I can't find that angle, I maybe look for something else. Because if you are not able to differentiate yourself, it's going to be hard to enter into the market.

And then, yeah, try to find your first five users willing to try it out, right? Use Reddit, use X, use Facebook groups, LinkedIn groups as well. Having those users using the app while you're building it is amazing.

It's really like the insights and all the validation that you get that you're building exactly what they need is super important.

[Speaker 2] (6:47 - 6:58)
Cool. So let's talk about MVP. I think a lot of people watching this may have tried to build stuff.

And sometimes when you get towards the end, you're not sure what features to include and what not to include. Tell me about how you approach that with your plugin.

[Speaker 1] (6:59 - 7:30)
First, I need to be able to transfer the information from one place to the other. No formatting, no anything. I just wanted the data to be there in sheets.

And then I started to think about the user experience and what users could want the data to look like. And I realized they could want the data to look like similar to how it looks in Notion. So that's when I added conditional formatting, data validation for select, for dropdowns and everything.

I also wanted the thing to work and allow users to move columns, hide columns, try focusing those little details that make the difference, right?

[Speaker 2] (7:31 - 9:08)
Awesome. All right. Well, before we get into how Leandro turned this simple idea into a $9,000 per month micro SaaS, let's talk about where the next big solo apps are being built.

If you're a solo dev or SaaS builder like Leandro, you know that marketplaces are one of the smartest ways to grow and build a business. You don't need an audience. You don't need to run ads.

You just need to build something people already need where they already are. And one marketplace that's flying under the radar right now is monday.com. It's a multi-product platform with products for project management, CRM, service management, and more.

They've got over 245,000 customers across over 200 industries and over 90% of their enterprise customers use apps on the marketplace. That is massive built-in demand. And what's great is that the monday.com marketplace isn't saturated yet. So this is a good chance to get in early and stand out while the opportunity is wide open. They've made it super dev friendly with robust APIs, MCP support, flexible SDKs, and a team that's actually invested in helping your app succeed. Plus, monetization is native.

You set the pricing and they handle the billing and payments. We worked with them to put together this free ebook that breaks down the exact type of users on monday.com, what they need, and where the biggest opportunities are. Click the first link in the description to grab it.

Brainstorm your next idea and start building. Thanks to monday.com for supporting the channel. Now, let's get back to Leandro's story.

Let's talk about the launch of this. So you built it and then what happened? Did you put it on the marketplace and how many users did you get?

Tell me about what the launch process was like.

[Speaker 1] (9:09 - 9:45)
Yeah, so the first step was to publish it to the Google Workspace marketplace. And then I started to spam a lot of famous groups related to Notion and Reddit as well. So I searched keywords related to the product and started to have conversations with users, both in the groups and in personal DMs. So that way I got some first users to try the application. And the same with the marketplace. Once the application is in the marketplace, if there's someone looking for something Notion related, they're going to find it and they're going to try it. Also, something that really helped was having a chat interface in the landing page at the beginning, because that way you can have real conversations with customers and with users and try to understand what they need.

[Speaker 2] (9:45 - 9:57)
All right, so let's talk about growth. After you kind of launched this thing, you're posting it on a bunch of forums. What did you do after that to actually start growing as a business and distribute and get your product in front of more people?

[Speaker 1] (9:57 - 11:12)
Yeah, so the first source of installs was, of course, in the marketplace. That was super important. I realized I needed to do SEO stuff.

So I started to think about what kind of blog posts I could write that users could find interesting and related to Notion and Google Sheets. So that's right now one of our main traffic channels. And I also use Reddit a lot.

I have a service called F5bot that is free. That lets you track different keywords on Reddit. So I set up some keyword tracking related to CSV, Google Sheets, Sheets in that super Reddit.

And every time I get an email with a notification that a new post or comment was added, I just go there and reply. Of course, you need to try to be not spammy and really give value to the users. And if your product can be a solution for their problems, then you recommend your product.

You say you are the founder. I also did a launch on Product Hunt. A year and a half after launching the product for the first time.

So that also was a really nice source of traffic. Not paying customers, but yes, traffic and visibility. And I remember I also posted on Hacker News.

I got to the front page. I was crazy. The spike you get in traffic is amazing.

But again, the same. It doesn't translate into paying customers. It's just visibility, backlinks that improve domain rating, but that's it.

[Speaker 2] (11:13 - 11:22)
That's great. All right, well, let's get a little more technical here. I'd love to hear about your tech stack.

What kind of tools and languages do you use and have you used to build these products?

[Speaker 1] (11:23 - 12:01)
So TypeScript is my language. DS Code, I use it as my editor. I have now started to use Cursor a little bit.

All my infrastructure is in Google Cloud and Firebase. I use SendGrid for transactional emails and marketing emails as well. Mixpanel for analytics.

I really love Mixpanel because you are able to know exactly what each user is doing with the application. I use Paddle as my payment processor instead of Stripe. Because Stripe is not available in Argentina.

And I use TDO as a customer support tool to have the chat in the landing page. It takes time, but it gives you a lot of insights and direct communication with your customers. And I think that even at the beginning is super important.

[Speaker 2] (12:02 - 12:07)
That's awesome. On that same note, can you actually share with me the costs and the margin of a business like this?

[Speaker 1] (12:08 - 12:28)
Yeah, of course. So I guess in terms of percentage of margin is 90%. My main expense right now is cloud infrastructure.

Because again, you are kind of syncing between two services. And you are doing that all the time in real time. So there's a lot of compute going on.

But apart from that, the rest of the tools are cheap. It's not a huge expense.

[Speaker 2] (12:28 - 12:37)
Cool. All right. Okay.

So you built this successful business. It's making $9,000 a month. Somewhat on autopilot.

What have you learned through this process that surprised you?

[Speaker 1] (12:38 - 13:12)
It was crazy to realize how small changes affect the business. Moving a button, changing a text, or just moving things around in the UI can have such a profound impact. Sometimes just small decisions make a lot of difference.

At the beginning, we had a free plan. And I realized that a lot of users were just using the free plan. And that was enough for them.

They didn't need to pay. So I made the decision to remove the free plan. It was risky.

There was a lot of people angry about that. But basically, in that moment, we went from $5,000 to $8,000 in two months, I think. So yeah, just a small decision that makes a huge difference to the business.

[Speaker 2] (13:12 - 13:22)
That's amazing insight. I'd love to hear about what your typical day in life looks like. You're running an app that makes $9,000 a month.

What does a typical day look like for you in Argentina?

[Speaker 1] (13:22 - 13:54)
So I have a two-year-old child. We usually wake up at 7, 7.30, prepare some mates, breakfast. I go with him to the kindergarten.

After that, I'm ready to start working. I usually work in spikes. So when I have to do development, I kind of put together a lot of tasks, do a huge spike of work.

And then I chill, spike, chill. That's kind of my way of working. And I try to do things that are going to make a difference.

If I see that a task or something is not going to move the needle, I just don't do it and focus my time on something else.

[Speaker 2] (13:54 - 14:04)
Cool. Last question that we ask all founders who come on Starter Story. If you could stand on Leandro's shoulders, when you're a freelancer trying to find that business idea, what advice would you give him?

[Speaker 1] (14:04 - 14:34)
Yeah, I think it's super important to at least find your first user that is willing to pay for your application. What happened to me with some other products is that you build it for free first. You have a lot of usage.

And as soon as you start charging, then they don't use the application anymore. So that's the moment when you realize that there was not enough value for them. So charging from the beginning, I think is super important.

Do not waste time building something that no one is going to be willing to pay for. And then when you realize that it's going to work, just go for it.

[Speaker 2] (14:34 - 14:45)
All right. Well, that was great. Thanks for coming on, Leandro.

I love your story. I love the business that you built. Hopefully you'll be building a bunch more cool plugins and grow to 100K MRR.

And we'll see you next time. Thanks for coming on.

[Speaker 1] (14:45 - 14:47)
Thank you for having me. It was super fun.

[Speaker 2] (14:47 - 15:29)
I wanted to thank Leandro again for coming on the channel. I love his story because he's proof that you can take a simple idea and turn it into a really solid business. My favorite part about his business is that although it's not a massive, huge million dollar business, it's a super cool business that kind of works on autopilot.

It's great for developers. And again, like we said, it just does one thing. If you're interested in building something similar and you're serious about actually doing this, I'd encourage you to check out Starter Story Build.

In two weeks, you'll come up with an idea, you'll build it, and you'll launch it and come out the other side with a real live production app. I'll put the link in the description if you want to check that out. But otherwise, thank you guys for watching.

I'll see you in the next one. Peace.

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

--- FILE: How I Used Reddit to Hit $17K MRR (With ZERO Audience)(transcript).txt ---

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

[Speaker 2] (0:00 - 0:19)
I built a 17K MRR SaaS with less than 100 followers on X. A few weeks back, I got a cold DM from a guy named Diego. He said, hey, I got a story for you.

He told me about his successful app and how fast it grew. But when I checked his X account, he only had 70 followers.

[Speaker 1] (0:19 - 0:22)
I think anyone can build a successful business without an audience.

[Speaker 2] (0:23 - 0:58)
I couldn't find him on YouTube or TikTok or Instagram. So I asked, hey, how did you do it? And what he shared blew me away.

I call it the Reddit Marketing Playbook. And I just had to know more. So today, I brought him onto the channel to break down how you can use Reddit to validate, market, and make money from any idea.

All right, let's dive in. I'm Pat Walls, and this is Starter Story. All right, Diego, welcome to the channel.

Tell me about what you built and what's your story.

[Speaker 1] (0:58 - 1:12)
My name is Diego, and I built an AI SaaS that makes me around $17,000 per month. I started it four months ago. And just by using Reddit alone, I've been able to get over 1 million eyes on my product while spending $0 in marketing.

[Speaker 2] (1:12 - 1:20)
All right, amazing. I'm really excited to talk about the Reddit stuff. But first, let's talk a little bit more about the app that you built.

What exactly is the app, and what does it do?

[Speaker 1] (1:21 - 1:27)
My app is called App Akamai, and it allows you to build mobile app designs very fast using AI.

[Speaker 2] (1:27 - 1:34)
It's like Cursor, but for designing mobile apps. Okay, cool. So we're doing stuff in AI.

How did you come up with the idea for this?

[Speaker 1] (1:34 - 1:54)
A few months ago, I actually wanted to build my own mobile app, and I paid a designer on Upwork for a decent design, and it was hundreds of dollars. And every time I wanted to make a little change, I had to pay him extra. I thought that if I could build an AI tool around this, I could save people a lot of time and money.

[Speaker 2] (1:54 - 2:05)
Sick. I love it. So once you had kind of found the idea for this, you started building it.

How did you validate that this was something that you wanted to take all the way and actually launch?

[Speaker 1] (2:05 - 2:22)
So it was a problem I myself had experienced. So I knew there was something there. So I built the simplest MVP.

I ended up building the MVP in about two weeks, and I started marketing right away on Reddit. I got my first gay MRR, and even more purely off Reddit.

[Speaker 2] (2:22 - 2:28)
All right, two weeks to build this is insane. Would you have any tips for people watching on how to build apps quickly with AI?

[Speaker 1] (2:28 - 2:50)
Yeah, so I don't use the newest libraries or frameworks because AI is always going to be a lot better at the libraries that are the most used on the web. And something else that I do is that I use a lot of UI component libraries like Chakra UI or AntDesign, and this allows you to prototype a lot faster and to make your website look nicer too.

[Speaker 2] (2:50 - 4:13)
Okay, before we finish Diego's story, I did want to point something out. Diego builds really fast. He doesn't waste time overthinking.

He just goes for it. I talked to a lot of successful founders, and this is one of the most common themes I see. Build fast so you can validate faster.

And that's exactly why I want to put 10Web on your radar. 10Web is an AI-powered platform that generates complete ready-to-launch websites just from a single prompt. And what's even cooler is 10Web just launched their brand new AI website builder API.

With just one API call, it can generate a fully functional hosted WordPress website from just a single text prompt. 10Web is way more than just a typical template builder. It helps you build a real production-ready site fast.

With 10Web, your users get a website that is SEO-optimized and mobile-friendly, drag and drop editable, fully e-commerce ready with WooCommerce, and built on WordPress, but completely white-labeled under your brand. This tool can literally save months of work, and 10Web handles everything so you can focus on what makes your product unique. Just click the first link in the description to book a strategy call and see how it works.

Thanks to 10Web for sponsoring the channel. Now back to Diego's story. Okay, cool.

So let's go into the numbers a little bit on the business. Can you just share some of the numbers behind what you built?

[Speaker 1] (4:14 - 4:26)
Right now, there are more than 1K paying customers. I've got it around 20K or more signups on my product purely from Reddit, and the traffic per month is about 20K.

[Speaker 2] (4:26 - 4:45)
Okay, so one of the reasons why I wanted to bring you on the channel and what I love about your story is that you did this with basically zero audience. At the time of recording this, you have less than 100 followers on X, no YouTube channel, and just friends and family on your Instagram. But my big question and why I wanted to bring you on the channel is how did you do it?

[Speaker 1] (4:45 - 5:26)
So a lot of people think that you need a big audience to grow a SaaS nowadays. I got my first KMRR and even more purely off Reddit. I would say that Reddit is probably the most underrated marketing channels for two different reasons.

One, you can get a lot of reach for no cost. The other reason is that compared to all the other platforms, you can get very precise targeting. In Reddit, there is a subreddit or think a community for pretty much everything.

So you can choose a lot of different communities or subreddits that are related to the product you're selling and target the actual users that are interested in what you're building.

[Speaker 2] (5:26 - 5:36)
All right, so we know the power of Reddit. Let's actually dive into the specifics, into this whole Reddit marketing playbook. Can you give me your playbook for getting users and making money from Reddit?

[Speaker 1] (5:36 - 10:12)
Absolutely. So the first step is actually becoming an active Reddit user. If you're not using Reddit already, start using it daily.

This has two different purposes. The first one is becoming familiar with the platform and seeing what kind of posts do well. The second one is warming up your account because any posts that come from a newly created account will be automatically filtered out by Reddit.

So step two is creating a list of subreddits. And this one is very important because you need volume for this to work. The more, the better.

And you can go broad and narrow. So there are a lot of different ways to find subreddits related to your product. But the one I recommend the most is using a Reddit ads tool.

And you don't need to pay for any ads for this. You just go to the Reddit ads page. You create a new campaign here.

When you go to the targeting section, you can look for communities. If I look for, for example, no code, which is related to my own product, I'll get a lot of different communities that are related to this one. And I can keep adding more and I'll keep getting more recommendations.

So the third step is creating a killer organic post. The reason that most people fail on Reddit is that their posts don't feel natural. They feel very pushy and they make it completely around their own product.

What you want to do instead is provide a little bit of value in your niche. And then you can plug or link your product in the middle of the post. The good thing about Reddit is that most successful posts have actually the same structure.

Here I have a post of mine that did very well for app Akamai. And as you can see here, every successful post starts with a catchy attention grabbing headline. What most people do here instead is that they mention their new product or they announce it like they announced a launch.

And this is not what you want to do. After the catchy headline, you still don't want to mention the product immediately. You want to provide some value in your niche first.

In this specific post, I did a case study on a very successful mobile app. This one, I actually found it on Twitter and I summarized it. And then I plot my product at the end.

If you link your product directly, you're going to get a lot more traffic to your website instead of just like mentioning it. Although many subreddits don't allow you to link directly or it's prohibited. If you actually provide some value first and you're not just like pushing your product, they will actually be okay with it.

For more stricter subreddits that don't allow you to link your product, I would recommend linking an extra product beside yours. Plot like a complimentary product. So for example, for mine, it's like a design tool.

So like cursor compliments it very well because it's for development. So I usually plug that one after mine. And that way, your chances of getting banned or your post being removed for self-advertisement is a lot lower.

So on the other hand, I want to give an example as well of what not to do. So as you can see in this example right here, the founder plugs the product right away, like mentioning it in the headline. He immediately starts talking about the product, all the features, everything about it.

He even like links to Discord. And as you can see from the engagement, this post didn't do very well because people don't care. They want to get some value first.

They want to read something interesting. And then if your product is related to that, yeah, you can plug it and then they might be interested in you. So step four is grabbing the post we did on the last step and posting it on multiple subreddits.

And volume here is super important because that increases the chances of one of your posts getting to the Reddit front page. And that is going to give you like a lot of traffic. Even if that doesn't end up happening, let's say that you post on 10 different subreddits and each of the posts gets on average, let's say around 10k views.

That's a total of like 100k views already, which is really good. So it's still worth it. So the last step of the playbook is to repeat this process.

You should be trying different type of posts to see what does better in your niche. You can try videos, you can try case studies, and you can try other type of posts as well. A good rule of thumb is posting two to three times per week.

I think that anything more than that will probably get you banned. So you should probably stick to that rule.

[Speaker 2] (10:12 - 10:22)
All right, cool. Diego, that playbook was amazing. Let's switch gears a little bit.

Could you just break down your tech stack? How did you build these products? What tools did you use?

And what's your stack?

[Speaker 1] (10:22 - 10:33)
Yeah, so I use Cursor for development and for building. I use Next.js and React as my main frameworks. And I use Firebase for auth and for database stuff.

[Speaker 2] (10:33 - 10:39)
And okay, so you're doing about 17k MRR. What are the actual costs to run this business? What are the profits look like?

[Speaker 1] (10:39 - 10:53)
So the overall margins are about 70%. Cursor is 20 per month. Vercel hosting is about 40 per month.

And then my most expensive costs, the AI API backends, which are about 2.5k per month.

[Speaker 2] (10:53 - 11:04)
Okay, so you crushed it in the last four months. You've found this whole Reddit strategy. You're making money online.

What have been the biggest lessons learned in your journey so far?

[Speaker 1] (11:04 - 11:52)
I would say that when it comes to building a SaaS, you should be solving a problem in a growing market. And a good example I can give is building a SaaS tool for newspaper owners, for example, which like newspapers are in decline. Or you can build a tool for like live coding, which only in the last month has been exploding and it's going to keep growing.

Something else that I would recommend to everyone is that, like in any other business model in SaaS, marketing and distribution are actually very important. So even at the start, you should be spending a lot of your time marketing instead of like adding more features no one asked for. And lastly, as a solo founder or small company, speed is one of your major advantages.

So take advantage of that whenever possible.

[Speaker 2] (11:53 - 12:02)
Okay, those are awesome. The last question that we ask to everyone who comes on Starter Story, if you could sit on Diego's shoulder before you cracked Reddit, before you were making any money online, what would be your advice?

[Speaker 1] (12:03 - 12:11)
Right now is the best time to build. I would say that if you have an idea, get a simple MVP out there and start marketing it as soon as possible.

[Speaker 2] (12:11 - 13:13)
All right. Well, that's the best advice I heard all month. Thank you, Diego, for coming on the channel.

I love the Reddit stuff. That's why I really wanted to have you on this channel. It reminds me of when I first started.

So thank you for coming on. I imagine you're going to keep growing and we'll have you on when you're doing a million. So thanks for coming on, man.

Thanks for having me. I love Diego's story because it's proof that you do not need an audience to be successful. He did it all just by having a great working product and of course, a killer marketing strategy.

I really think that anybody can do this, put this into practice and create something that changes their life. But of course, you actually have to build something. If you never build it, you'll never know.

And this is why I created Starter Story Build, our flagship program to help you build anything with AI. In less than two weeks, you'll go from just an idea in your head to a fully working app ready to ship to the world. And more importantly, you'll learn the skills to build whatever you want forever.

If you're interested, head to the link in the description to check out Starter Story Build. Thank you guys again for watching. I'll see you in the next one.

Peace.

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

--- FILE: How We Built It_ $900K Open Source SaaS (transcript).txt ---

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

[Speaker 3] (0:00 - 0:02)
I'm Jule, co-founder of PaperMark.

[Speaker 1] (0:03 - 0:07)
And I'm Marc. We bootstrapped PaperMark to 75k MRR.

[Speaker 2] (0:07 - 0:14)
This husband and wife duo built a near million dollar business thanks to this, open source SaaS.

[Speaker 1] (0:15 - 0:18)
Yeah, I think off the bat, being open source was the right bet for us.

[Speaker 2] (0:18 - 0:24)
In just a year and a half, they took a weekend open source project to $75,000 MRR.

[Speaker 1] (0:25 - 0:26)
PaperMark started as a tweet.

[Speaker 2] (0:26 - 0:55)
So I asked both of them to come onto the channel and break all of it down. In this video, you'll learn why open source is actually a really genius business model, how there are loads of big companies just waiting to be open sourced, and how to grow in open source if you're just starting out today. All right, let's dive in.

I'm Pat Walls, and this is Starter Story. All right, welcome Marc and Jule to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story?

[Speaker 1] (0:56 - 1:09)
Hey Pat, I'm Marc, co-founder of PaperMark. It's the open source successor to DocSend for sharing documents and data rooms securely. PaperMark started as an open source project on the side, without the idea to actually go commercial.

[Speaker 3] (1:10 - 1:14)
And we are close to reach our first million MRR.

[Speaker 2] (1:15 - 1:24)
Okay, that's crazy. In 1.5 years, you guys basically built a million dollar business. Let's go back to how you guys found the idea for this.

How did you find the idea for PaperMark?

[Speaker 1] (1:24 - 2:01)
Yeah, it's actually funny. It started as a tweet. I pushed out a tweet, and I basically said like, I'm going to build an open source alternative to DocSend.

And it went just like crazy. Within, you know, a couple of hours, it got like 40,000 views. Lots of people mentioned that they would love to see this as an open source project.

So over the weekend, I actually built it. At least their first MVP, the first version that was usable. And pushed out on Monday, the launch tweet, and it got like 100k views.

And then soon after, their first customers came and were asking like, can we give you money to buy the service? And that's kind of how it kicked it off.

[Speaker 2] (2:01 - 2:17)
That's crazy. The amount of founders that I talked to that have built a business based off a single tweet is actually way higher than you'd think. I just want to understand a little bit more about what PaperMark is and what it does for our audience who may not totally be in this space.

Can you briefly explain what PaperMark actually does?

[Speaker 3] (2:17 - 3:04)
So essentially, the PaperMark is a document analytics and sharing platform. So you kind of turn your document into the link, which you later can share, protect with the password, with the watermark, and then get the whole analytics. So they can see exactly, okay, someone was on my document for five minutes on this slide, one minute here.

So you know exactly what happened. And the PaperMark is essentially alternative to the DocSend and other data room providers, which exist already for 10 years or more. But they like don't innovate anymore.

They don't produce anything new. They mostly focus on the enterprise customers. That's why the open source kind of new solution was needed in this market.

[Speaker 2] (3:04 - 3:23)
All right. So the main reason I wanted to bring you guys on the channel is that you built this business on top of open source, which is a super cool model. You guys managed to find a way to not only build an open source project, but build a really, really nice business on top of it.

Can you first explain to me just what open source is? And then we'll get into the business side of things.

[Speaker 1] (3:23 - 4:18)
Yeah, of course. So open source, like the name says, the source code that's powering the project is publicly available. So anyone can look at it, anyone can contribute to it.

And the cool thing is that the entire like history of the project is also publicly available. It also opens up the project globally to any developer in the open source ecosystem that likes to contribute or that is interested in the project and wants to contribute to it. There are, of course, licenses that have some protective mechanism.

And in the end, you have these communities that form around each project. And they can be larger or smaller, depending on the popularity of the project or the maintainer as well. A lot of developers these days, they want to show off their work.

Maybe they can't find a job, but they can do open source projects. They can contribute to open source in order to advance their own career. So attracting early users, open source is great because you can just ultimately ship in public.

[Speaker 2] (4:18 - 4:27)
All right, so can you break it down for me? So you have open source, all the code is free, anybody can use it. How does this actually work for your business?

And how do you make money?

[Speaker 1] (4:27 - 5:03)
So the business model for PaperMark is basically, you can either self-hosted for free or for many of the users that may be not be tech savvy, that don't want to host it themselves because they don't want to deal with the overhead or the maintenance. We have a hosted version that we charge for. For the open core model, our core software of PaperMark is open source and self-hostable.

And then if you need advanced features, you can acquire a license and still run it on your infrastructure as a self-hosted version, but just with our enterprise license attached to it so that you can enjoy the full suite, just as it is on PaperMark.com.

[Speaker 2] (5:03 - 5:08)
Looking back, what are the benefits to building an open source that you've realized?

[Speaker 1] (5:08 - 6:36)
Number one, it's highly defensible because you have nothing to hide behind. You essentially give away the core product for free. There's no need for anyone else to kind of build the same project and charge anything for it because it's essentially already as low as it can get.

Number two, it's very scalable because there's essentially zero barrier to entry. We have people coming to our project every day, looking at it, either contributing to it, running it for their small teams or then seeing the open source project and converting actually to PaperMark.com because they don't want to deal with the self-hosting of it. They just come to us because we do the best service in hosting the solution.

Number three, we have that community-driven R&D velocity. Incumbents only have like the employees that basically maintain the software. We have the community that basically looking through the projects, monitoring it, seeing where they can contribute new features.

If they find issues, they can immediately swoop in and provide a solution for it. The velocity with the community is just immense. And number four, it's very secure and has high trust.

The code can be audited by any third party. You're not hiding behind proprietary software that we need to grant access to someone at a bank that is trying to evaluate whether it would be a great fit for the infrastructure. They have to run through so many checks and they can do that very easily but just by auditing our open source code and seeing that nothing nefarious is going on and everything is extremely secure.

[Speaker 2] (6:36 - 7:53)
All right, before we move on with the interview, I do want to talk about one thing. As a founder, you're likely moving fast towards product market fit, your next funding round, or your next big enterprise deal. But with AI accelerating how quickly startups are building and shipping, security expectations are higher earlier than ever.

Getting security and compliance for your business right can unlock growth, but it can also stall it if you wait too long. With deep integrations and automated workflows built for fast-moving teams, Vanta gets you audit-ready fast. And it keeps you secure with continuous monitoring as your models, infrastructure, and customers evolve.

Fast-growing startups like LangChain, Writer, and Cursor trusted Vanta to build a scalable foundation from the start. Go to vanta.com slash starterstory to get $1,000 off Vanta and join over 12,000 ambitious companies already scaling with the platform. That's vanta.com slash starterstory for $1,000 off. I'll put a link in the top of the description for you to check it out. Thank you, Vanta, for sponsoring the channel. I love the platform that you're building.

And without further ado, let's get back to the interview. For anyone watching right now who's a developer, who's excited about open source, what are the opportunities right now to build an open source and also build a business on top of it?

[Speaker 1] (7:53 - 9:06)
With the era of AI, founders can target much smaller niches and smaller markets. It just makes it so easy to create a very small, differentiated business off of an existing incumbent. The key markets that I see today that are being rebuilt is anything that has to do with a CRM.

They have become so large that the software itself is very complex. And they try to do this one-size-fits-all, where, of course, once you're in at the highest tier, you can then customize it to your own use case. But why not build a very targeted CRM for veterinarians or office building managers that have a very specific use case to use the CRM, and don't need the entire complexity?

Think about reducing complexity in what existing businesses are there and just build it very simple. Think to yourself, like, is there an open source alternative? Does it make sense to build an open source alternative?

Is the market massive? Is there enough room for other players in the market? Because oftentimes you will find that software is not really the differentiator.

So being open and open source is no detriment to you or your business.

[Speaker 2] (9:06 - 9:20)
Okay, let's change subjects a little bit. Let's talk about growth. I mean, zero to 900,000 ARR, there's something here, whether it's open source, whatever it is.

But if you guys can just break down, how did you grow this quickly? What were the right decisions that you made?

[Speaker 1] (9:20 - 10:05)
Yeah, I think off the bat, I think being open source was the right bet for us. Building in public with open source is extremely natural because you have nothing to hide behind already. There's no downside to sharing the small progress even that you're making.

Even if the features are not 100% complete, share that on Twitter, on LinkedIn, just with anyone, and you'll slowly gather community around that. Then lastly, in terms of growth, we also participated in this month-long open source hackathon called Hacktoberfest. There was like a cycle where we build faster, more customer notice that we're building and shipping features, whereas the incumbents are slow and like sleeping.

And then they start switching because now the feature sets are reaching feature parity and even going beyond that.

[Speaker 2] (10:05 - 10:08)
Cool. And thanks for sharing that. Can you break down some of the numbers behind the business?

[Speaker 3] (10:08 - 10:54)
So in the first year, we grew to 20,000 MRR. To middle of the second year, we grew to 75,000 MRR. So we are getting closer to our first million middle of the second year.

We're serving around 30,000 users because there's like a lot of free users. Then we serve around 1,000 customers, 60 contributors, 7,000 stars. Maybe the focus if our North Star metric is the amount of views on the shared documents.

So we have 8,800,000 views on the shared documents. It means that people upload their documents, then share the link and then 800,000 view their documents.

[Speaker 2] (10:54 - 11:02)
Let's change topics a little bit. I know a lot of people watching this are developers, even people building an open source. Let's talk about TechStack.

Tell me about how this business is built.

[Speaker 1] (11:02 - 11:46)
Yeah, so we run PaperMark as two projects in Next.js. So one project is our website and our marketing content. And the other project is the open source project, which powers like app.papermark.com. It runs Next.js with TypeScript. On our day-to-day, of course, we're like so many others using cursor as kind of like our AI IDE. Everything's hosted on GitHub. PaperMark is hosted on Vercel.

PlanetScale for our Postgres database. Trigger, it's a background tool. Resend is, I think, like a fan favorite these days for like easy email.

It gets delivered to your inbox, like in terms of transactional emails, like really quickly. And then, of course, Stripe.

[Speaker 2] (11:47 - 11:54)
On that same note, can you break down some of the costs and margins to run this business? What does it look like to run a business built on open source?

[Speaker 3] (11:54 - 12:11)
Yeah, so our main cost is spending on freelancers and founder salaries, around 80%. Then we have around 15% on different experiments with marketing and growth. And 6% to 5%, it's the tools.

[Speaker 2] (12:12 - 12:23)
Thank you for sharing that. Last question that I have is advice. For anyone who wants to build an open source, do things in open source, potentially even build a business in open source, what would be your advice to someone watching this?

[Speaker 1] (12:23 - 12:59)
I think being an open source alternative to like in any market, to any big incumbent isn't a surefire success. You need to reach at least feature parity with the existing tools in the market. And then you need to outship them, right?

You only need to be better than the current offering in the market. You want to become the clear successor to the incumbents, not just be an alternative that's also there. And you need to turn that excitement around open source into product momentum.

So convert them into paying customers or even users of your tool. Only then you can actually make it a successful business.

[Speaker 3] (12:59 - 13:38)
From my experience, I didn't know how to code at all. And I decided, okay, I'm going to build the first project. I took existing open source to build on top of.

And then what I built, I also made open source. And I feel so much push and support from the open source community and contributors. I would definitely, if you want to try open source and see really what it is, you need to kind of jump into it.

You will not get the whole idea if you're not going to build that. Just do it open source from the beginning. Try to be part of the community, help people contribute.

And they will do the same. And you will see how your project grow.

[Speaker 2] (13:39 - 13:52)
All right. Well, that's great advice. Thank you, Yulia and Mark for coming on the channel.

It's so impressive what you guys built in just a couple of years. Thanks for sharing everything about the open source model, building an open source. It was awesome.

See you guys soon. Thanks, bud.

[Speaker 3] (13:53 - 13:54)
Thank you.

[Speaker 2] (13:54 - 14:30)
I wanted to thank Mark and Yulia for coming onto the channel. I loved hearing about how they grew PaperMark and their unique approach to building this project with open source. However, I must remind you that it all still started with a simple idea.

And nowadays, that's all you need to potentially build something that changes your life. And that's why we launched Starter Story Build. We'll help you take that idea up here and turn it into a real app using only AI tools.

So if you're ready to launch your project, then head to the link in the description and check out Starter Story Build. All right. That's it for this episode.

Thanks again for watching. We'll see you in the next one. Peace.

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

--- FILE: I Built 3 SaaS Apps to $200K MRR_ Here's My Exact Playbook (1).txt ---

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

[Speaker 1] (0:00 - 0:04)
Right now we have five apps and we're doing just over 200 grand MRR.

[Speaker 2] (0:04 - 0:24)
This is Mike, a founder from Australia who built five different SaaS apps that make a combined $200,000 MRR. But here's what's interesting. Each successful app he's created follows the same repeatable framework.

And this framework works so well that he guarantees every app he puts through it becomes successful.

[Speaker 1] (0:24 - 0:26)
I like to build ideas that can't fail.

[Speaker 2] (0:26 - 0:57)
I asked Mike to come onto the channel and he shared everything, including his five apps that make $200,000 a month, how he picks ideas that cannot fail, and his exact 10-step playbook that he uses over and over. This episode you cannot miss, so let's get into it. I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story.

All right, Mike, welcome to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story?

[Speaker 1] (0:57 - 1:19)
Hey Pat, my name's Mike. I've currently got three SaaS businesses doing over 200 grand a month, and we've got two more on the way. Current businesses are Curator.io, Juno.co, Thrill.co, Fluke.co, and soon Smile.co. Our aim over the next five years is to get to about a million dollars MRR, and we want to do that with the smallest team possible without raising any capital.

[Speaker 2] (1:20 - 1:27)
All right, amazing. You have a bunch of different apps making a ton of money. Can you share a little bit more about what your businesses do and what your holding company does as a whole?

[Speaker 1] (1:27 - 2:15)
Our current businesses are Curator.io, which is a social media aggregator for websites and events. Thrill.co, which is a customer feedback tool, which allows you to collect customer feedback, plot it to a roadmap, and announce new features. Juno.co, which is a digital signage business aimed at cafes, gyms, schools, and shops. And Fluke.co, which is a no-code tours platform that allows you to build onboarding tours for SaaS businesses, tool tips, pop-ups, things like that, without having to bother the developers. And our final business, which we're launching in the next two weeks, is Smile, which is an innovative way at doing group e-cards for B2B businesses. And altogether, these five apps make just over 200 grand a month.

We're fully bootstrapped, and we've used exactly the same playbook to launch all of them.

[Speaker 2] (2:16 - 2:27)
Okay, I'm excited to get into the playbook of how you did this. Clearly, it's working. You've done it with three, about to be five companies.

Before we get into that, I want to understand a little bit about your background. How do you get to the point where you own multiple SaaS businesses?

[Speaker 1] (2:27 - 2:48)
Well, I used to be a developer, one of the world's worst developers. I was a Flash developer and ended up running an agency, a digital advertising agency, and sold that a number of years ago. I somehow fell into advertising, ironically realized I was rubbish at advertising.

And what I really loved was building products. And that's how I got back into building products.

[Speaker 2] (2:48 - 3:02)
Okay, Mike, one of the big reasons I wanted to bring you on the channel is you have this sort of strict and meticulous way of looking at building apps, choosing ideas of what to build. And I really like your approach. So could you break that down for me?

What is your approach to building apps?

[Speaker 1] (3:03 - 4:31)
So our entire approach is about minimizing risk. I expect every single one of our businesses to be successful. We have a much higher rate of success.

We haven't had a failure. So our model is like this. We go and find the idea.

We work out how well they're doing, despite of a bad UX. We then go and assemble the team. We like to have it tech heavy.

So we'll have a front-end developer, a back-end developer, ideally a designer as well. And then somebody like myself who does everything else around the product. We always start with four co-founders.

What that does is minimize founder fallout, which is one of the key reasons most businesses fail. We prioritize design quite heavily. We believe that good design sells, which is why we like to have a designer on the team.

We like people that can do a little bit of everything. We like every single person on the team to be thinking about the UX of the product. That's really, really crucial to who we get on board.

With those four co-founders, we always split the company equally, 25% each. We then grow the company to about $10,000 MRR, which covers costs there or thereabout, depending on which company it is. Then after $10,000 MRR, we split the profits between the founders.

And that's when we start to pay ourselves. These businesses are about bigger salaries, not big exits. We don't invest as much money back into advertising.

We don't invest as much money back into staff. We stay super, super lean so that all the profits come out to the founders.

[Speaker 2] (4:31 - 5:54)
What I love about Mike's story is his approach to building. He doesn't just build apps randomly. He actually knows what separates successful SaaS businesses from failures.

And HubSpot for Startups, who I'm partnering with for today's video, also knows a few things about successful companies too. Over 35,000 customers rely on them to grow their startups, and they just put together an insane resource called How to Build a Unicorn in 2025. It's a free, high-signal guide packed with the sharpest data and founder insights shaping billion-dollar businesses today.

Inside, you'll discover what kinds of companies are actually winning, hot industries, fast-rising topics, and how you can build something around these ideas. My favorite part about this is that they removed all the fluff and made it as quick and actionable as possible so you can walk away and start executing on these ideas immediately. So if you're building anything in 2025 and want to understand what separates winners from everyone else, just download HubSpot for Startups free guide at the first link in the description below.

Thanks again to HubSpot for Startups for sponsoring this video. Let's get back into it. Okay, I think this is amazing.

You sort of have this framework for how to find ideas and how to build an idea that's almost impossible to fail, as you sort of explained. I want you to get more detailed though. Can you break down this playbook step-by-step so anybody watching can do the same?

[Speaker 1] (5:55 - 9:51)
Sure. We have a 10-step playbook and we follow this to the letter every single time we launch a business. First and foremost, pick an idea that's been done before.

New ideas are risky. New ideas need validation. If you pick an idea that's been done before, you know that people want it.

You know that it works. Number two, decide what is a good enough MVP. You need to work out from your competitors, what are the things that their customers want the most?

Build the MVP, get it out there as quickly as possible, get people using it. Core to how we make money early on is the third point in our playbook. Offer a lifetime deal.

Offer away your product for $59, $100, whatever it is for a single time payment. Number four, never give away an account for free. Always charge people.

If people pay for it, they'll use it. That's key to what you want at this stage in the playbook. You want people using your product.

You want people telling you why it's crap. You want people giving you as much feedback as possible. Number five, do as much work as possible to sell a private LTD.

Work in Reddit groups, work in private Facebook groups. Get onto X. Find out where your customers are living.

Work with the LTD groups, of which there are many, to get your product bought by as many people as possible. For Thrill, we launched a private LTD and raised about 30 grand from our private LTD. Number six, start writing content.

It is never, ever, ever, ever too early to start writing content. Start writing landing pages. Start writing blog posts.

Use that money that you got from the private LTD to start writing content. Write competitor pages, alternative to pages. Get it out there as early as humanly possible.

The longer it's up there, the longer ChatGPT, the longer Google will start. Indexing it and start sending you traffic. Once you've started writing content, launch on AppSumo or one of the other marketplaces.

AppSumo is great because they have huge, huge reach. You can do two different things on AppSumo. You can launch on their marketplace, which has a lower fee, or you can work with their sales team and work on their select offering.

Both work. Do your own research there. They have a huge, huge database of people that they can mail out to.

This can get you, again, way more users and a hell of a lot more capital. Your aim should be to close your LTD with 100 grand in your pocket that you can use for a year or two years to write more content. Once you've done an AppSumo LTD, move to stage eight, which is do one last private LTD.

Many people don't want to miss out on a deal. So this is where you're closing off your LTD, your lifetime deal, for life. It will never, ever be available again.

Pup your prices up a little bit and offer one last private LTD. Send it out to your mailing list and then close it, and ideally close it forever. Stage nine is crucial.

This is live or die moment. You've got 100 grand or however much you raise from your LTD in the bank. This is where you get your customers to write, your current LTD customers, to help you get an honest review on Trustpilot, on G2.

Wherever they're willing to write your reviews, it's so incredibly important. It'll boost your domain ranking and get honest reviews for you. You'll find that the LTD community are willing to do that because they really, really want you to succeed.

They're your early ambassadors. It used to be Quora that we would go out and answer questions on, but more and more we're seeing Reddit as an important place to go and answer questions about your product. Scan Reddit, see who's asking for one of your competitors.

Answer honestly, authentically on Reddit posts. Look for subreddits where your customers are hanging out. This is such a crucial stage because you've now moved to MRR.

Money's depleting, but hopefully you're starting to get MRR. And by the time your money runs out, hopefully you've got enough MRR to stay alive. That's it.

That's the 10-step process. This has worked for us on three companies. We're halfway through the playbook on a fourth company.

We're about to start it on the fifth company.

[Speaker 2] (9:52 - 10:13)
Okay. Thank you for sharing that playbook. That's amazing.

Super tactical, super step-by-step, and I can see how that works. I want to jump back to the earlier steps of the playbook, which is finding ideas, specifically, you really focus on finding ideas that can't fail. Can you go a little bit deeper on that?

What is an example of an idea that can't fail? And then what is an example of an idea that could potentially fail that you wouldn't touch?

[Speaker 1] (10:14 - 11:06)
So what I will tell you is one idea that, or an area that we will never go after, we will never go after an AI-focused business. Too many times you have an idea that relies on something, an API that you do not control, something that you are not in control of, which puts you at massive, massive risk. Having said that, one idea that we almost went after, we still may go after.

We love the idea of some sort of documentation tool. I don't feel like the documentation tools that are out there at the moment are doing a really good job, or the ones that are doing a really good job are severely overpriced. And good documentation, especially today, is going to be the key to success because AI needs good documentation to recommend your product well, to know about your product.

So that's something that I think may work well. We just won't rely on AI to build, or be an integral part of the business.

[Speaker 2] (11:07 - 11:22)
Okay, cool. I like that, not going after sexy ideas that may not exist in six months, avoiding platform risk. I want to switch gears a little bit and talk about TechStack.

I know you come from a bit of a development background. How do you actually build these apps, and what TechStack do you have them built on?

[Speaker 1] (11:22 - 12:01)
The TechStack varies depending on the founding team and what they're comfortable using, whether it's Vue, whether it's React on the front end. Our back end still predominantly sits in PHP and Laravel. But again, that changes all the time.

Some of the tools I'm loving at the moment, Willow Voice. I can barely type anymore. You just press the function key, and you can talk at your computer.

We're using Granola for meeting notes. I absolutely love it. Obviously Slack and things like that.

We use Framer for websites. We've just moved over to Framer, actually. All of a sudden, websites are no longer the job of the tech team.

And more recently, Vo for prototyping. We prototype everything in Vo, and then we take it into Design and Figma, and then we build it.

[Speaker 2] (12:02 - 12:18)
Okay, cool. Thanks for sharing that. The last question that I have, for all founders to come on Starter Story, if you could go back in time and give advice to young Mike, before you got started building apps and software in SaaS, for anybody who's watching this, what would be your advice to get started and build awesome companies like you're doing?

[Speaker 1] (12:18 - 12:42)
Really simply, just work with people you enjoy working with. Work with people that you are quite happy to go and have a drink at the pub with. It's actually the main reason I do all of this.

I feel like I go to work every day and I go to work with my mates. It's brilliant fun. We spend a lot of time working on the details because we love doing that.

Don't just create something that customers want. Create something that you love building as well. That's super, super important.

[Speaker 2] (12:42 - 12:50)
Well, I love that, Mike. What's the point of building businesses if it's not fun? Thank you for sharing everything about all the companies you're building.

I think it's going to inspire a lot of people. Thanks for coming on and sharing.

[Speaker 1] (12:51 - 12:52)
Pat, thanks a lot. Have a good day.

[Speaker 2] (12:52 - 13:36)
Thank you, Mike, for coming on the channel and sharing all the different apps that you build. Personally, what I love about Mike's apps is that they're all boring. They're boring businesses, but they crush it and they make a whole lot of money.

I think there's something to learn there about not chasing shiny, sexy ideas. On that same note, this is exactly why we launched Star Story Built. We will help you take your idea, which it's okay if it's boring, and turn it into a real app using only AI tools.

So if you are ready to get off the sidelines and ready to actually launch your project, then definitely head to the link in the description to check out Star Story Built. We are running one of our new cohorts this week, so click that link and save your spot. All right, that's it for this episode.

Thank you guys for watching. We will see you in the next one. Peace.

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

--- FILE: I Built a $1M AI App [No Code] (tanscript).txt ---

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

[Speaker 2] (0:00 - 0:17)
This is David. He built an AI app that is now valued at over a million dollars. And the crazy part is, he built it all with no code.

He invited us into his house to show us exactly how he built this thing with a family, a full-time job, and just working a couple hours a day.

[Speaker 1] (0:17 - 0:19)
It really took me just a couple weeks.

[Speaker 2] (0:19 - 0:33)
Came down to learning all of his content mostly through YouTube. David launched his product using a viral marketing strategy that got him thousands of users in just a few days. But what goes up must come down.

[Speaker 1] (0:33 - 0:39)
I blew through like $5,000 in days. I had a decision to make, right?

[Speaker 2] (0:39 - 1:09)
It's either shut it down or keep going. In this video, he breaks down how he bounced back, how he made his first dollar, and how he plans to build a business that won't be replaced by ChatGPT. My vision moving forward is to build something that cannot be replicated both in ChatGPT as well as Microsoft.

This is the breakdown on how a normal guy turned one idea into a million-dollar business on just a few hours a day. I'm Pat Walls, and this is Starter Story. David, thanks for having me.

[Speaker 1] (1:10 - 1:10)
Thanks for coming on over.

[Speaker 2] (1:11 - 1:14)
I love your story. Tell me a little about who you are and what you built.

[Speaker 1] (1:14 - 2:14)
Sure. Dave Bresler built what was called XL4RealBot. Now it's just called 4RealBot.

Microsoft gave me a cease and desist a few months ago or so. And so it's a software that really helps people work faster and smarter with data. There's really three main products.

AI and Spreadsheets, where it's kind of like ChatGPT inside both Excel and Google Sheets. Formula Generators that translates text into formulas with the help of AI. And then the last product where a lot of my time and resources have gone into is called the Data Analyzer, where it's kind of like Zapier.

You can upload your data and then through natural language, get answers, analysis, charts, modeling, all done by just typing in some words. The application has been around for about a year and a half. And during that time, there's now roughly about 750,000 users.

And of those 750,000, there's about 5,000 people that pay for unlimited access to the tool. And during that time, it's reached about $26,000 a monthly recurring.

[Speaker 2] (2:15 - 2:20)
As I understand, you started FormulaBot while you had a full-time job. Tell me a little bit more about that story.

[Speaker 1] (2:20 - 4:13)
It was July of 2022. I had this opportunity and the opportunity was my youngest one was about to be born. And so I knew I was going to have about six weeks to do something.

And I've been working a full-time job since I graduated college 2011. And I've always kind of had that entrepreneurial net. Basically said, OK, I've got six weeks.

Let's build something. People always say, scratch your own itch, right? Solve your own problem.

And my problem was I was getting so bogged down with all of these junior adults. They come knocking on my office door like, hey, can you help me with this formula? Can you help me with that?

I kind of thought, OK, my itch is helping people with Excel. While ChatGPT wasn't around then, the actual technology was. I actually asked the OpenAI application.

I said, hey, I'm thinking about building this app. What's a good name for it? And one of the names it suggested was Excel FormulaBot.

Thing you do, of course, is you go to GoDaddy. It was available. And then I was like, let me just see if someone's built this yet.

And I scoured the internet for hours. Couldn't find it. I'm like, this is it.

I'm on to something special. It was tough trying to find that balance between personal life. I can't help but, to a certain extent, stay on the grid for my full-time job, especially in the senior position that I was in.

And so while it wasn't working, I still had access to my phone. People were still asking me questions here and there. But then in the back of my mind, I'm like, I've got this idea that I have to execute on.

I tried to spend as much time with the family, especially early on, but I couldn't help but find myself kind of stepping away for a little bit. Go to coffee shops where it might be and just kind of put my head down and execute. And there were definitely a lot of nights where I only got a couple hours of sleep.

My wife at that time thought I was crazy, especially because I didn't really have a clear path. I just knew I wanted to build this thing.

[Speaker 2] (4:13 - 4:18)
So from what I understand, you have no experience coding. How did you build and launch something like this?

[Speaker 1] (4:18 - 5:38)
I'm not a coder by any means. If I see it, I kind of know, okay, that's JavaScript, that's HTML. And I knew for what I wanted to build as an MVP, it would take a pretty significant time to build it with code.

And I, at that time, wasn't making any money. I didn't want to hire anyone because I just had an idea. And so that's where I was really exposed to the node code industry.

I was exposed to bubble.io. That was really the only application that I really dove into to build because it was the most well-known. And based on the research that I had done, the easiest of all the node code solutions. The first place I went was the Bubble official website for just kind of reading some documentation.

But there's so much documentation out there, which is a good thing. Kind of where I got hung up was very isolated issues that I was trying to solve. But that's really where YouTube University came in.

There are some awesome bubble developers out there that produce such high quality content on YouTube. And it's all free. At that time, the whole app was in bubble.

It was 100% no code. Probably up until maybe four or five months ago, it went from 100% no code to now it's about, I would say like five or 10%. As you get more experience with no code, you start to understand some of the limitations.

There's not a lot, but there are some limitations.

[Speaker 2] (5:38 - 6:30)
David is the perfect example of how someone with zero experience turned one idea into hundreds of thousands of dollars. But that comes with knowing the right information and finding the right problems to solve. Now, imagine there's a place that gave you all this.

The problems to solve, the blueprints to solve them, and the strategies that turn simple ideas into million-dollar businesses. Well, at StarterStory, we have a library of over 4,000 case studies and business idea breakdowns where you can access this. All backed by data from real entrepreneurs.

So if you're serious about building a profitable side project and joining a tight-knit community of founders, head to the first link in the description, and we're going to give you 52 micro SaaS ideas, just like David's, so you can get started on your journey. Much love. Enjoy the rest of the video.

Peace. All right, so you had this MVP that you built from scratch. How do you get your first customer?

And how do you get a ton of people to use it?

[Speaker 1] (6:30 - 7:44)
The first people I told were the people that were at my full-time job at that time. And they're like, oh my god, this is amazing. They thought it took me months to build this thing.

It really took me just a couple weeks. And that really kind of speaks to the power of no code, because if you were to code it, it didn't take much longer. And so my next step was I need to tell more people about this tool.

And so naturally, the next place I went was Reddit. Went to the Excel subreddit, where there's probably several hundred people that follow it. Reddit title was AI Excel Formula Generator.

I think I mentioned it was free. And it was just a title, and the description was just a link. Minutes later, it was like the top post of the day, turned into the top post of the week.

It blew up as much as like something can blow up within the Excel community. A couple of days after that, someone in the comment section said you should post this on the Internet is Beautiful subreddit. And so I posted it there.

That was like the thing that put the app over the edge and made it go viral for months. And so I had posted there. It got some 10,000 upvotes, thousands of comments.

I got thousands and thousands of people visiting the site using the app.

[Speaker 2] (7:44 - 7:47)
All right, so you have thousands of users. How do you start making actual money from this?

[Speaker 1] (7:47 - 9:47)
The next thing I did was I went to the OpenAI website. Went to the billing section. It was just like, oh, God.

I blew through like $5,000 in OpenAI API costs in days. I had a decision to make, right? It's either shut it down or keep going.

And so I accrued this huge bill over that time. I recouped some of it back. I put up a link, like a Stripe link, where it's just like, hey, my name is David.

I built this app. It went viral. Give me a deal.

Feel free to donate. So I made a few thousand dollars back. I was super scrappy of like trying to make something back at that time.

It was pretty poetic, especially probably at its peak of virality. The host from the eSports ESPN Excel competition. I didn't say it correctly, but something like that.

But it's basically like extreme sports, but it's for Excel. The host reached out to me and said, hey, we have our competition on ESPN in a couple of weeks. Can we run a beta ad?

I'm like, sure. I'm like, and at that time, I was like, maybe that's how I'm, before I even thought about subscriptions, I'm like, maybe that's how I could make money, at least in the interim is just running ads. So I ran some Google ads, made a few bucks here and there.

It just, it definitely wasn't worth the hassle. But I ran an ad for ESPN for like a week and it drove a ton of clicks. And it was actually pretty funny because the guy asked me to design the creative.

I'm like, look, dude, like you've seen the website, especially at that time, it was a single page piece of crap. It wasn't creative at all, but I locked something out for him. He said, okay, works for me.

And so some of the donations that came in, a couple of sponsorships, it gave me the motivation to kind of keep going and not just completely shut this thing down. And so then a few months later, launched with a paywall, logins and the whole nine yards.

[Speaker 2] (9:47 - 9:52)
Let's talk about product, talking to customers. How do you figure out what features to build?

[Speaker 1] (9:52 - 11:39)
Early on, just kind of scratched my own itch and what would bring me value. And what started off as just a Excel formula generator turned into different generators. I was really just the first product.

It was actually interesting because at that time my site was blowing up and I took a few phone calls with VCs. They would ask me, you know, what's your vision? What's your broader vision?

And I would just say more generators. And they're like, okay, I never got called back. I didn't have a broader vision.

That's where I started talking to people that I work with who it's required to work with data and spreadsheets. Started asking them and see what they liked, what they didn't like. But occasionally, and this is where I think I would get the most value, talking with customers, a lot of them email me basic Excel questions that couldn't necessarily be answered through an Excel formula generator.

They would literally email me their Excel files. They're like, hey, your Excel formula generator couldn't do this. Can you help me with this?

And it wasn't even to like build a formula. It was to like build a report where I have no domain knowledge of what they're trying to accomplish. I would probably get one email a week of someone just sending me a file.

And so I thought, okay, you know what? Even if they're not a paying customer, I'm going to take this. But guess what?

I'm going to do it with you on a phone call and I'll do your work for you. But every time I do it, they have to hop on a call with me and they have to ask questions about what they like and what they don't like about the product, as well as some ideas that they have. And so the culmination of kind of scratching my own itch, leaning on my network, and having these kind of impromptu phone calls kind of revolutionized the product away from just being an Excel formula generator to just kind of being this all-in platform for anything that you do with data analytics.

[Speaker 2] (11:40 - 11:46)
Building a SaaS product, software product, there's probably going to be a lot of competitors coming in. Tell me about how that works for your product.

[Speaker 1] (11:46 - 15:34)
Took me a few weeks to build this app and a few weeks after that, I think there was probably 10 other Excel formula generator sites. And the frustrating part was they all sounded the same, right? At that time, Excel Formula Bot, Excel Formula Generator, and another one was called Excel Formulator.

They all sounded the same. And when you'd go to Google and you'd search mine, you'd see the other couple ones right there. So at that point, it was really a race to the bottom.

And my prices, especially early on, it was $3. I was getting pretty frustrated, just all of the competition that was coming in and literally like carbon copying my exact application, not only like what it does, but also the front end, the name. And then I just kind of reached a point where I knew I was going to have to build something that isn't just this simple input-output box.

A few months later, Excel Formula Bot was gaining more and more popularity. Microsoft actually reached out to me. They reached out to me twice, one for a system business.

And the other one, it was someone that was on their add-ons team. Excel has thousands and thousands of partners that they work with to build an add-on that supplements what you can do in Excel. They reached out to me and said, hey, we want to take your Excel Formula Bot and add it within our add-on store.

Let us build it for you. I was like, sure. How much does it cost?

They're like, we'll do it for free. I'm like, this is awesome. And then as they were building it, I was like, wait a second, they're just going to hijack this idea and build it as one of the many features in their suite.

A couple of weeks after that, they had announced their partnership with OpenAI. Everyone's so excited for AI being integrated in the office suite. And I'm like, I am so bruised.

And so that's where it kind of went back to me being in my own competition where I had to really take a step back and think through what is this product going to be once Microsoft embeds this product within their suite. I've even talked about ChatGPT. ChatGPT, especially at this time as well, it was free and it still is free for unlimited usage.

At that time, you had to pay $2.99. Now you got to pay $9. It's got to work its way up $2.99 to $6.99 to $9. And you have to pay for unlimited usage, whereas ChatGPT has always been free.

And so I have about 5% churn. 10% of the reason as to why people churn is because of ChatGPT. And so early on, before a lot of the newer products, especially the data analyzer, where you can upload your data and talk with it, the competitive advantage I had over ChatGPT was really convenience.

Generate formulas within Excel. You don't have to leave your spreadsheets. You don't have to open up your browser.

You don't have to open up ChatGPT and write this long prompt. You can do it all there. Convenience and customization.

When you sign up, you can put in your language, your speaking language. You can put in your language for what you prefer for Excel because there's a lot of people out there that speak in Spanish, but they prefer the Spanish version of Excel and then also vice versa. Again, Excel is used by a billion people in the world.

Excel for your bot is used by every single country in thousands of languages. So early on, it really was convenience and customization, but that can only take you so far. And so more so recently with the addition of the new features and the new product, it's moved from that to you can no longer do that in ChatGPT.

And eventually when Microsoft, really just this past week, builds AI into their own tool, right now my vision moving forward is to build something that cannot be replicated both in ChatGPT as well as Microsoft.

[Speaker 2] (15:34 - 16:06)
Hey, Pat from Starter Story here. Thank you guys so much for watching. I really hope David's story inspires and motivates some of you to get started on your own thing.

If you're curious about doing something similar, but you're still looking for an idea, well right now you can download our Deep Dive SAS report for free. It breaks down 52 different MicroSAS ideas and tons of other stuff you'd want to know. Just click the first link in the description.

And if you're serious about building it, then consider joining Starter Story and we'll help you do that. Much love and I'll see you guys in the next one. Peace.

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

--- FILE: I cloned 2 apps and made $30M (transcript).txt ---

(Transkriberad av TurboScribe.ai. Uppgradera till Obegränsad för att ta bort detta meddelande.)

[Talare 1] (0:00 - 0:05)
I built two companies doing over $30 million in sales by copying already successful businesses.

[Talare 2] (0:06 - 0:11)
Meet Will. After the real estate crash in 2008, he lost everything and had to start from scratch.

[Talare 1] (0:11 - 0:14)
We didn't see it coming, and we just totally got crushed.

[Talare 2] (0:14 - 0:25)
Then he came across the opportunity to build a SaaS, but he didn't do it in the conventional way. Instead of reinventing the wheel and building something that didn't exist yet, he developed a framework that led him to make millions of dollars.

[Talare 1] (0:26 - 0:31)
This is kind of the cold email framework that we use for Uplead, and I think anyone can kind of use this and apply this to their business today.

[Talare 2] (0:31 - 0:41)
In this video, Will shares his million-dollar research framework, how to successfully copy lucrative businesses, and the one marketing strategy that's made him millions of dollars.

[Talare 1] (0:41 - 0:44)
The playbooks are already out there. Most people just don't study them.

[Talare 2] (0:44 - 0:59)
Whether you're a seasoned builder or just getting started, this episode might blow your mind. All right, let's get into it. I'm Pat Walls, and this is Starter Story.

All right, welcome, Will, to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story.

[Talare 1] (0:59 - 1:14)
My name is Will Cannon. I built Uplead to over $30 million in sales, and I built SignatureLead to over 1.6 million users without raising a dime of funding. I did it all without reinventing the wheel.

I took business models that already had product-market fit, and I added my own little twist to them.

[Talare 2] (1:14 - 1:25)
Okay, cool. We're going to get all into this framework of how you built these and took these proven markets, but first, I want to understand a little bit more about your background. How do you get here?

To this place where you have these awesome software businesses.

[Talare 1] (1:25 - 2:23)
So at 19, me and my girlfriend, who's now my wife, started our first mortgage company. This was during the subprime mortgage boom, so there was mortgages being handed out left and right, and we were kind of new to the industry. We were like, what's going on?

We started making so much money, we couldn't even believe it, and we thought we were on top of the world. This was 2005, 2006, 2007. Everything was going great, and then the mortgage crisis hit.

We didn't see it coming, and we just totally got crushed. So then it was time to rebuild. We were like, hey, what are we going to do next?

When we had our mortgage company, we were sending a lot of cold emails to loan officers and real estate agents to recruit them, and we had a couple people in our office that would ask us, like, hey, do you have a list of loan officers or a list of real estate agents? So we were kind of selling lists on the side, and we thought, hey, this could be a business. So we started diving into that further.

That's what we did for about 10 years, from 2007-ish to 2017. We kept running into the same problem, data quality, and that was kind of the aha moment. We're like, hey, there has to be a way or a software that can do this for us.

So that was the thought behind Uplead, and that was our transition from 10 years of building an agency into SaaS.

[Talare 2] (2:23 - 2:35)
All right, well, before we get into these businesses that you built, how you've grown them, and the framework for finding these ideas for these proven markets, can you break down how you actually found the ideas for your two big software companies that you run now?

[Talare 1] (2:35 - 3:53)
For Uplead, we were building our agency. So the data quality from the vendors on the market at the time was around 50% to 60% accurate. We'd scrape the internet for data, and that data was also maybe 40%, 50% accurate.

Every time we'd build a list, we'd have to verify the emails. We'd have to send the phone number list to a call center we had in the Philippines to verify the phone numbers. And that was kind of the aha moment.

We're like, hey, why isn't there a tool that can just do this for us? Why isn't there a tool where I can go in, I can punch in my ICP, I can say, here's who I want to target. I click download or export, and it'll download and verify the emails and verify the phone numbers in real time.

We didn't find any software. We decided to build it ourselves. For Signaturely, which now has over 1.6 million users, this is how we found the idea. This was 2020, and we saw everything was moving away from face to face. So we knew documents weren't being signed face to face anymore. They were being signed over the internet.

So we looked this model up, and we saw DocuSign was the biggest player in the game. They were public. They had a ton of revenue, but their product was complicated.

It wasn't easy to use. So we thought there has to be a better way. Why don't we build a simple, easy to use version of DocuSign that was so easy to use your grandmother could use it.

That's how we knew this business could be successful. There was already proven product market fit. There was a need in the market for customers that wanted a simple version of a tool that was already on the market.

And we used our SEO and cold email and other skill sets to acquire customers profitably.

[Talare 2] (3:53 - 4:07)
Okay, so you did this for two very successful businesses. You have this framework for finding ideas that are already proven and then just going and building them, doing them somewhat differently. Can you walk me through this framework so that someone watching could potentially do the same?

[Talare 1] (4:07 - 5:15)
Step one is I would look for markets that already have product market fit. I mean, I'm not Steve Jobs. I had a 1.5 GPA growing up. So I thought it was a lot easier to go into a market that already has product market fit. Now that you found a market that you want to compete in, the next step is finding your unique angle, putting a unique twist on it. It can't just be pricing.

It can't just be, hey, we're like X, Y, Z, but a little bit more affordable. There has to be some unique twist to it. So go look at the one and two star reviews and see what people are complaining about.

See what they dislike about the best players in the market. That's our twist. Our twist is what people dislike about the biggest companies in the space because those are the easiest customers to go after and acquire.

And that's step three, acquiring customers profitably. Now, this is the hardest part, but if you can get this right, you can build any business. This is the hardest part because you have to have a skill set here, whether it's cold email, whether it's cold calling, whether it's SEO, whether it's ads.

So my skill sets are around cold email, cold calling, SEO, and a few others. I acquired all of these by reading books, by watching YouTube videos. And step four is execution.

Most people talk about building a business, but actually building it is a lot harder. You're going to fail. You're going to have to get back up.

You're going to have to keep going. And this playbook, it might not work the first time. I failed at probably over 20 different businesses before having two successful businesses.

[Talare 2] (5:16 - 5:35)
I think that framework is awesome. I love that playbook. Clearly it's worked for you for two very successful businesses.

But for anyone who's watching right now, I think they might be wondering, how can I do this right now? What are the opportunities that can work in 2025? I'm sure you've come across a bunch of painful problems that you'd love to solve, but you don't have time for.

What would you be building right now that the audience can learn from?

[Talare 1] (5:35 - 6:25)
One idea is a super simple CRM. Almost every business needs a CRM. It's a big market.

It's fragmented. There's multiple companies doing billions of dollars in revenue. This is an area I would probably look at if I was building something new today.

Number two, I would say a payroll software for small businesses. You have a bunch of companies in the space. Again, really fragmented, multiple winners in the space.

If you look at FreshBooks and their SEO strategy around templates and tools, I'd probably copy that playbook right there, right? They've built the playbook for you. There's an SEO advantage I would have in that market.

Number three, I would say a website analytics tool. Every business needs to analyze their metrics, their funnel, how much traffic they're getting to their website, attribution, ROI. Your market is almost infinite.

And if you can tie in some new things right now around AI, around maybe mentions on LLMs within the analytics tool, I think that'd be a cool tool to start today.

[Talare 2] (6:25 - 7:48)
All right, before we keep going here, I do got to call out something I've been seeing with a lot of founders right now. You're moving fast. Maybe you're close to product market fit or you're prepping for your next round, but then enterprise prospects start asking about your security compliance and suddenly everything slows down.

The reality is that in 2025, especially with AI, security expectations hit earlier and harder than ever. You can either get ahead of it or let it become the thing that kills your momentum. Vanta, today's sponsor, basically solves that entire headache.

Instead of spending months figuring out SOC 2 compliance, Vanta's automated workflows get you audit ready fast. And here's what I really like about the platform. It's not just a one-time setup.

It keeps monitoring and updating as you scale. Fast-growing startups like LangChain, Rider, and Cursor trusted Vanta to build their security foundation early, which means they can focus on growth instead of getting stuck in compliance hell. Right now, Vanta is offering $1,000 off for Starter Story viewers.

So check out vanta.com slash starter story or click the first link in the description. Over 12,000 companies are already using Vanta to scale smarter. Huge thank you to Vanta for partnering with us at Starter Story.

Let's dive back into the interview. I want to hear a little bit more about your businesses that you built. We haven't really talked about them yet, but can you share the two businesses that you built and software that are crushing it right now?

What do they do? How do they work? And how are they doing?

[Talare 1] (7:48 - 8:18)
Uplead is a B2B data provider with real-time verified emails, mobile numbers, and buyer intent signals. Uplead has over 4,000 customers currently. It's done over $30 million in sales, and it gets over 100,000 visits to its website every month.

And the other business I have is Signaturely. It's an e-signature company. It's an easy and simple to use alternative to DocuSign.

So Signaturely has over 1.6 million users. It's done over 1.5 million in sales, and it gets over 800,000 visits per month.

[Talare 2] (8:18 - 8:29)
Okay, cool. And those are amazing businesses. Beyond the framework for finding these ideas, which we talked a bunch about, I'd also be curious to hear about how you actually grew and scaled these businesses.

Can you tell me a little bit more about that?

[Talare 1] (8:29 - 10:00)
Uplead got its first 1 million in annual recurring revenue strictly from cold email. So this is kind of the cold email framework that we use for Uplead. And I think anyone can kind of use this and apply this to their business today.

So here's the cold email that got us our first million dollars in ARR. I'll break it down. The subject line is, hi, first name.

So hi, James. The first line is, I was checking out your LinkedIn profile and thought this could be a value to you. We built a tool called Uplead, which is like Zoom Info, but with real-time email verification, and we're really affordable.

Are you open to trying it out at no cost? So the subject line is, hi, James. It looks like it came from a real person.

The intro is neutral and direct. I saw your profile. There's no hype there.

The value prop is clear and familiar. We framed it against the biggest company in the market, Zoom Info, but better. We told what our twist is.

And then the ask, are you open to trying it out at no cost? We try to make the ask so easy, it's hard to say no. You don't need long emails.

You need short ones that feel human. And I think any business can take this. They can tweak those lines, and they can send out the same cold email that we did.

So from Signaturely, we got from 0 to 1.6 million users, mainly from SEO. We use the strategy around tools and templates and ranking for them high in search in order to get our first customers. We built a free online signature tool where you can type or hand draw your signature, and you can download it.

And then we push them to go use that to sign documents. So that was one of the tools we use as part of our funnel. And then we also wrote templates.

So we wrote marketing agreements and construction agreements and landlord agreements. And we ranked a bunch of templates, templates and contracts. And that was how we got our first thousand plus customers.

[Talare 2] (10:00 - 10:20)
Okay, well, thanks for sharing that. I mean, SEO, I love SEO. Big reason Starter Story grew as well.

The last question that I have for you that we ask everyone who comes on Starter Story, you built these amazing businesses. What would you say to a younger Will if you could stand on his shoulder and give him advice from when you were just starting out, you had the failed mortgage company, what would be your advice to someone just starting out like you?

[Talare 1] (10:20 - 10:45)
Have these big, hairy, audacious goals, these crazy goals, these moonshots, right? I remember when I was first starting out, I thought if I could just make $5,000 a month, that would be enough. And then you hit that and then you go to the next level.

So have big goals. Another one is things are gonna come up every day that get in your way. Don't sweat the small stuff.

Think about the big picture. Another piece of advice is you have to just keep going. You're gonna fail.

You're gonna have to get back up, right? I failed at probably 15, 20 different businesses before I built two that were super successful.

[Talare 2] (10:45 - 11:32)
Well, thanks for coming on the channel. I appreciate you sharing your story and these amazing businesses that you built. I hope to have you on again sometime and see your businesses grow even more.

So thanks for coming on. Thanks for having me, Pat. Thanks again to Will for coming onto the channel and sharing his story.

I love his approach to building businesses where it's not about creating a whole new category, but instead just adding a small twist on what's already out there. If you're looking to do something similar, then definitely check out Starter Story Build. It's our program where we teach you how to use in-demand AI coding tools and go from an idea to a real working app in just a couple of weeks.

Having coding experience is not an obstacle to building real software products anymore. And if you wanna build something, just click the link in the description to Starter Story Build and check it out. All right, I hope you guys enjoyed the episode and found it valuable.

I'll see you in the next one. Peace.

(Transkriberad av TurboScribe.ai. Uppgradera till Obegränsad för att ta bort detta meddelande.)

--- FILE: I cloned 3 apps and now make $35K_month (transcript).txt ---

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

[Speaker 1]
My name is Samuel and I run three apps making $35,000 a month.

[Speaker 2]
You might think you need to come up with a completely new idea, but I just met a guy who does the exact opposite. His strategy is simple. One, find an app that's working, and two, make it 1% better.

If it's already successful, I know it's validated. But don't be fooled. He's not just copying and pasting.

And in this episode, he breaks down his meticulous method for finding winning ideas and turning them into successful apps. We'll get into where the best ideas are hiding in plain sight, how to validate fast so you don't waste months working on a failed project, and the playbook for researching and replicating successful apps that you can put into practice today. All right, let's dive in.

I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story. All right, welcome Samuel to the channel. Thanks for coming on.

Tell me about who you are and what's your story.

[Speaker 1]
So my name is Samuel Rondeau. I used to have a full-time job that I quit a few years ago. And I taught myself to code on YouTube.

And now I run three SaaS apps that are making $35,000 per month.

[Speaker 2]
Okay, cool. So before we get into all your apps and how they grew, you said that you actually taught yourself how to code. How did you do that?

And could you break that down for us?

[Speaker 1]
So actually, I used to be an optician and I had zero coding experience. At the time, I wanted to rebuild a tool I was using for Instagram. But this time, I wanted to build it myself using code.

I ended up following a 15-hour course on YouTube. And every time I learned something new in the course, I immediately tried to apply it to that tool I was building. So if you just watch a course, most of the time it's not enough.

Because you end up losing yourself in the languages that you will probably never use. And you don't really see why you are learning what you are learning. But yeah, it all started like this.

You're following a YouTube course and it quickly became a passion for me.

[Speaker 2]
Cool. All right. Well, for anyone watching this today who wants to learn how to code, how to build apps, what would be your advice?

What would be your framework or playbook or how you'd get started?

[Speaker 1]
If I were 18 years old now, I don't think I would learn to code the traditional way. I would probably just use AI coding tools. And with AI today, you can literally build like 90% of most apps.

So my framework today would be one, pick a real project. Two, ask JDPT what you need to learn to build it. So for example, you go on Google or on Twitter and you find the product you like.

And you take a screenshot of that page and you ask JDPT, how can I build just the landing page to start? And three, build step-by-step asking JDPT for help at each roadblock. I would, of course, ask him to use modern technologies like Next.js, Node.js. That's awesome.

[Speaker 2]
What I really want to talk about is ideas and finding successful ideas. You have multiple successful products. And you share with me your strategy for how you found those.

Could you tell me a little bit more about that?

[Speaker 1]
I'm someone a bit lazy and I don't have unlimited energy. So I have one rule that is really crucial for me, is to never build something that doesn't already exist and isn't already successful, or at least getting some traction. So this way, I reduce my chance of failure and I increase my chances of success.

So usually to find products' ideas, my number one source of ideas is Twitter, especially around communities like Solopreneur, IndieHacker, Billionpublics, etc. And then I look for things that are working or products that I personally like. Here are my four keys filter.

Number one, I would use it myself. Number two, I can see that it already works. And three, they are not spending thousands on marketing, meaning there is a true demand.

And four, the product is simple enough to maintain. If a product passes this filter, then usually I'm confident towards building it.

[Speaker 2]
Okay, let's go a little bit deeper on that. When you come across ideas online, what is the actual criteria that you're looking at? What are some of the numbers and websites and things that you look at to know if this is worth building and if this is validated?

[Speaker 1]
So first, the most important thing, I look for traction. The best signal you can find on Twitter is when founders share their MRL screenshot or Stripe screenshot. I know that sounds basic, but honestly, it's the ultimate proof that the tool is working and that people are paying for it.

Second, I analyze how they are getting their customers. So I use Ahrefs to check their traffic sources. So are they getting customers only from ads or are they also ranking on SEO?

If they are growing with both ads and SEO, that's a very good sign because it shows a strong demand and it's usually easier to replicate their success. If they rely mostly on SEO, it can be harder because SEO takes time, but it's still doable if I'm patient. And third, I check if the product is technically something I can build and maintain easily.

I don't want to build a product that will make me lose sleep maintaining a complex backend. Simplicity is very important for me. And finally, I ask myself, do I actually like the product?

Because there's nothing worse than working on a product you don't care about. If I don't enjoy using it myself, I won't have the motivation to keep going long term. So in short, traction first, analyze traffic sources, check if I can build it easily and make sure I like the product.

[Speaker 2]
That strategy is cool and it's amazing to have it kind of all boiled down, but I want to hear how it actually applied to your actual apps that you built. How did that strategy specifically work?

[Speaker 1]
So actually, the first real app I built was Use Artemis. And at that time, I didn't use that strategy and it was a mistake because I ended up building an email finding tool that had for competitors big names like Apollo, Lame List and stuff like that. And it was so difficult to maintain.

So after Use Artemis, I really decided to build something that would be easier to maintain. And that's how I ended up building StoryShort. So I saw a post from a guy building a tool to automate posting faceless video on YouTube, TikTok, etc.

And the numbers were crazy. So I started to investigate, is it hard to build? And where is the traffic coming from?

The really good thing with this one is all the traffic was from Facebook ads, which means I can replicate it literally in a week because Facebook ads, you just have to start it and you have the traffic. So I went for it. I built the tool, launched ads and StoryShort AI grew very fast.

So with StoryShort, it was 100% the process I described earlier. I validated the idea. I saw there a clear demand.

It was simple product and it was a market I was personally interested in.

[Speaker 2]
All right, before we finish talking about how Samuel grew his apps to $34,000 per month, let's talk about something a lot of solo founders struggle with, design. You've got a working idea, you know it solves a problem, but suddenly you've wasted hours taking screenshots just to figure out how to make your app look good. That's where Mobbin comes in.

Mobbin is the world's largest library of real-world mobile and web app designs. Over 1.7 million people from Airbnb designers to indie devs use it to find inspiration, study flows and build smarter, not slower. You can search thousands of actual product screens by keyword, flow or even style.

Whether you need an onboarding flow, paywall layout or just a clean sign-up form, Mobbin shows you exactly how the best apps do it so you don't have to start from scratch. Whether you're building your first app or your 10th, it's a massive time saver. Just click the first link in the description to check out Mobbin.

Thank you to Mobbin for sponsoring this video. All right, let's get back to Samuel. All right, so I mean on that note, can you break down the three different businesses that you built that are all successful?

[Speaker 1]
Okay, so I built useartemise.co. It's a LinkedIn scrapping tool that is making around $15,000 per month and has around 10,000 customers. I have storyshow.ai, which is an AI video generator for TikTok and YouTube that is making around $20,000 per month and has around 4,000 customers. And capacity.so, which is brand new. It's an AI coding tool that is making currently $900 per month and has around 50 users.

[Speaker 2]
Okay, that's awesome. So we talked about the ideas. We talked about the framework for finding ideas.

Let's talk about what everyone wants to hear about, which is once you find the idea, how do you grow the business? What growth strategies are you using? And how do you know which ones to do?

[Speaker 1]
So I always start by running ads. It's always the first thing I do. So I do it on Google and Meta depending on the product.

Sometimes it's better on Google. Sometimes it's better on Meta. It's the fastest way to validate and test the market.

And as soon as I get some traction with ads, I move to the second part of the growth, which is SEO. I think too many apps rely only on ads and never got a single visitor from Google. Of course, SEO takes time, but once it works, it's almost free traffic and it compounds.

I also use faceless YouTube channels to grow my apps. I even created a feature inside StoryShort for this. The idea is that StoryShort will automatically publish daily UGC style video about your product on YouTube channels, TikTok and Instagram.

You can create multiple channels that talk about your product every day on autopilot. So depending on your niche, this can bring crazy results over time. And it works really well.

And finally, I do affiliate marketing. I did it for all those three apps, especially on StoryShort. It's super important because not only does it bring clients at a fixed cost, but it also creates virality because I have many people doing YouTube video about StoryShort, writing articles.

So it brings SEO results and people are more likely to share your product if they earn a commission. So in short, my growth stack is one, start with ads. Two, build SEO as soon as the instruction.

Three, use faceless YouTube channel to drive attention also on TikTok and Instagram. And four, run an affiliate program to boost virality and get customers at a fixed price.

[Speaker 2]
All right, cool. Well, on a similar note, let's talk about tech stack. I know you don't come from a software engineering background, but what stack do you build your apps in and how do you deploy these?

[Speaker 1]
So all my apps are built with Next.js and Node.js for the coding part. I use Ahrefs for the SEO analysis and I use also AI tools for writing articles, so for the SEO. So I was using SEOptal, which is really great, but now I just switched to a new one called Outrank.so. It really automates the writing of article, post it automatically on your blog. And I use Vercel for deploying my apps, Stripe for payments and yeah, that's it.

[Speaker 2]
That's great. On a similar note, people who are watching are probably wondering, okay, you're telling us how much money your business is making, but what's the profit? What's the cost to run this business and how profitable are these?

[Speaker 1]
Well, use Artemis cost me around $4,000 per month and StoryShort cost me around $5,000 per month. So it costs a bit less than use Artemis because use Artemis, you have to run instances to automate many things. So it's quite expensive.

And capacity, I can't tell yet, but it will be quite expensive because we have to run instances to deploy a website each time.

[Speaker 2]
Cool. You built a bunch of successful businesses. Some things have worked, some things haven't.

What did you learn while building those businesses that surprised you?

[Speaker 1]
What really surprised me is that you don't need to innovate. You just need to see what is working on eggs and communities on forums and build your own alternative, your own version of a product. If you like the product and see that it's working, just clone the idea, build an MVP in two weeks and launch ads immediately.

I think people always overcomplicate this, but simple, boring tools are what make the most of money, I think.

[Speaker 2]
Great. And last question that we ask everyone who comes onto the channel. If you could go back in time and stand on Samuel's shoulder when you were an optician, what advice would you give him to get started to build apps and make money online?

[Speaker 1]
My first advice would be, of course, to use AI coding tools. At that time, there was no coding tool, but today you can use so many AI coding tools that I think that I wouldn't have learned to code. Two, would be spend time learning Google Ads and Meta, even X Ads.

There are many ads you can learn. Three, launch as soon as possible. Skip the boring parts of building a SaaS like the password reset pages, setting pages.

Just launch the minimal basic products and run ads to test demand right away. Once you get traction, focus on SEO. It will bring your compounding free traffic over time.

And even if one day you want to sell the tool, having SEO traffic is also very valuable. And automate as much as you can. Use automation tools like Outrank, StoryShorts, etc.

to automate posting and article creation as much as you can. Finally, once you have growth and customers coming daily, I would finish the product, bring new features, etc.

[Speaker 2]
All right, well, that's great advice. I love your strategy. I love the business that you're building.

Thank you for coming on the channel, Samuel. And I hope everyone watching this learned something and are gonna build cool stuff because of it. Thanks for coming on.

[Speaker 1]
Thanks, bud.

[Speaker 2]
I love Samuel's story because it goes to show that you don't need to invent a brand new idea. You can go find something that's already working and just make it a little bit better. With the right process and the right approach, anybody can build something successful.

In Inside Starter Story Build, we'll show you how to build apps the right way. In just two weeks, you'll find an idea, build it with AI and ship it out into the world. Over 1,000 people have already joined and shipped their first apps.

So if you wanna finally bring your idea to life, head to the link in the description and check out Starter Story Build. Thank you guys for watching. We'll see you in the next one.

Peace.

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

--- FILE: I copied a $100M SaaS, undercut their prices, and made $10K (beginner strategy)(transcript).txt ---

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

[Speaker 2] (0:00 - 0:31)
I met a guy who has the perfect strategy for finding micro SaaS ideas. I think anyone can build a business like mine. And with this simple strategy, he's been able to build a pretty successful business.

Today, UFO makes $11,000 MRR. He didn't need to come up with a brand new idea. He didn't need a crazy marketing strategy.

He just focused on one simple thing. I think anyone can copy this strategy to make their first $10,000. And I had Abhishek come on the channel and break down this strategy step-by-step.

[Speaker 1] (0:32 - 0:35)
In my opinion, the best approach to build a SaaS is...

[Speaker 2] (0:35 - 0:56)
In this video, we'll go over where to start looking for ideas, how to identify if one is worth working on, and how to get your first customer without actually building anything. I think you're going to like this one. Let's dive in.

I'm Pat Walls, and this is Starter Story. All right, welcome Abhishek to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story.

[Speaker 1] (0:57 - 1:08)
My name is Abhishek, and I built Uform. It's an alternative to Typeform. I launched it in 2023, and over the last two years, we have grown it to around $11,000 MRR now.

[Speaker 2] (1:08 - 1:20)
Okay, so immediately, I just want to get into it right away. I think your approach is super cool, kind of finding this big idea, building a small version of it. Can you tell me about how you even came up with the idea on how to do this?

[Speaker 1] (1:20 - 2:01)
I was working on my previous SaaS, which was a no-code chatbot builder. It was called BotFlow, and it had 200 users or so. So majority of them were using it because they wanted a conversational form.

And when I talked to them and found that they were using it as an alternative to Typeform, I found that Typeform recently raised their pricing. So then I found there was like a gap in the market. But pricing is something that I found like this can't be the only reason.

So I then searched Twitter, Reddit, Typeform's own forum and all. I found there are like some other features as well that users want, and Typeform is not providing. So then I sold that chatbot builder, BotFlow, and started working on new form.

[Speaker 2] (2:02 - 2:07)
Okay, I mean, you just talked about it right there. You called it finding the gap. What do you mean exactly by that?

[Speaker 1] (2:08 - 2:30)
Finding the gap is something where you can, you know, take something which is already working, people are using it. But there are some gaps, like some pain points, people are not finding with the current competitors. If you can fill that gap, you can definitely get users.

I think like most of our developers think most of the ideas or most of things have already built in the market, right? But there is always a gap.

[Speaker 2] (2:30 - 2:43)
Thank you for sharing that. I mean, I just love this strategy. Taking a big idea, building a really small version of it, maybe even undercutting the prices, building other features.

Tell me about why you think other people watching this should adopt this approach as well.

[Speaker 1] (2:43 - 3:03)
In my opinion, the best approach to build a SaaS is you should not invent things. As an indie hacker, as a bootstrap, you can't create the next Uber. You can't create the next Facebook.

You need a lot of money for that in your PC funding. In fact, you should approach the market which is already validated. Like there are already big players there.

So people are actually using it and then just find the gap.

[Speaker 2] (3:03 - 3:14)
Okay, let's take a deeper dive into the finding the gap strategy. Can you break down this strategy so that someone watching could think about how they could do something similar?

[Speaker 1] (3:14 - 4:00)
The idea is simple. Step one, you look for a popular tool and search social platforms like Twitter and Reddit with keywords like X alternative, where X is basically the product with lots of users. So for in my case, it was Typeform.

Then step two, find the pain points or gaps which they are not solving. It is fine if the pain point is pricing, but only if pricing is too high. Then step three, reach out to those users with your solution, with just a basic landing page explaining your solution.

So messaging is the key here. And bonus point, step four, have a tool to simply easily migrate your competitor's user to your platform with a one click. In Uform, we have a landing page where you can paste your Typeform URL and it will generate a Uform within a few seconds.

So people can see like, okay, this is what we are getting.

[Speaker 2] (4:00 - 4:16)
Okay, cool. So I mean, that's an awesome strategy. You're a busy founder.

You don't have time to go build other things, but people watching this might be wondering, okay, how can I do this strategy right now? What are the big hundred million dollar companies out there that I can kind of go do the same thing you did? So what would be your advice or ideas you have around that?

[Speaker 1] (4:17 - 5:07)
Yeah, so there are lots of opportunities there, which I would love to build, but I don't have time to do. Two of them, which I can state right away. One is Kenny Alternative.

This is my personal pain point I have faced because we are a small startup and Kenny has recently trying to go up market. So I searched for a lot of Kenny Alternative in the market, but none as simple as Kenny. Apart from that, there is a one gap that I found recently.

This is an app where you can build your forest, the digital forest, by doing some habits. And why you should build an alternative right now is if you search with the latest reviews there, most of them are one star. I think these are the things that you should do, but you will find that there are people who say that, okay, Facebook is crap.

I don't want to go there, but definitely don't build things like a social media and marketplace or something. That is something that as an indie hacker, you should honestly do.

[Speaker 2] (5:08 - 6:19)
All right, before we wrap up with Abhishek's story, I wanted to pop in with a question. What do you want to build? No, seriously, what project have you been thinking about for a long time?

Maybe it's a micro SaaS like the one we're talking about today, or maybe it's just a simple tool that will help you be more productive. Whatever it is, AI has made it possible to build anything. But let's be honest, it's still really hard to figure out where to start.

I get DMs every single day from people asking me how to build, what to build, and what tools to actually use. So I decided to create something that makes it easier for you to build with AI. It's called Starter Story Build, and it's our program where in just a few days, you'll go from a simple idea to a production ready app.

You'll get guidance from our resident experts, and you'll get the roadmap for how to build with AI forever. Honestly, I wish this existed when I was just starting out. So if you're curious, check out the link in the description to learn more about Starter Story Build.

All right, let's get back to the episode. I'd love to learn a little bit more about Uform, and just walk me a little bit through kind of how you built it. Just give me a high level overview of like what you did until you got the first paying customer and so on.

[Speaker 1] (6:19 - 7:05)
So my approach was simple. I didn't actually made like all the features that Typeform was providing. So we initially didn't do anything which might be like a fancy landing page or a logo or anything like that.

The first version of Uform had just you can collect some data using like fields like name, email, star rating and all. And apart from that, you can just download your data as a CSV. There was no integration with Google Sheet, API, etc.

Nothing was available there. So this was an MBB that I think I built in two weeks. And the landing page was a basic landing page that time, which just had a start using Uform, which used to take you to the Uform build.

And later on, like my wife created the current page, then we got like, I guess, 200 plus users.

[Speaker 2] (7:05 - 7:15)
Okay, cool. I mean, that's awesome. Next question that I have is around some of the numbers behind it.

I know you're super transparent about that stuff. So how's the business going and share with me some of the numbers?

[Speaker 1] (7:15 - 7:46)
Yeah, currently we are doing around 11,000 MRR and there are around 35,000 or so users, registered users. And paying customers is around 500 something. We are actually basically doing a freemium model.

I guess 90% plus of features are free. So our conversion rate is around somewhere around 1.5 to less than 2%. Traffic per month, we get around 35,000 visitors per month, unique visitors.

And apart from that, a good stat right now is we have recently got 4 million form submissions.

[Speaker 2] (7:47 - 7:52)
Cool. Well, thanks for sharing that. What tech stack did you use to build this business?

And what tools do you use on a daily basis?

[Speaker 1] (7:53 - 8:33)
Yeah, so Uform is built on Laravel. I chose Laravel basically because I love it. I'm working on this since last, I guess, 10 years.

So I wanted to keep the stack which I am comfortable with. And it's hosted on AWS, Amazon AWS. We use Cloudflare for security and storage.

Apart from that, Stripe for payments. We use open AIs a lot for fraud detection because our freemium model, lots of bad users comes in who tries to get the system. Then we use Slide for help docs.

They are great. Apart from that, Gmail for workspace, Simple Analytics for web analytics, Kanye for feedback management, and Mailgun for email. Then in total, I think our last month expense was around less than $1,200.

[Speaker 2] (8:34 - 8:41)
Next question I have is, you know, you built this successful business. What have been some of the most surprising lessons that you've learned along the journey?

[Speaker 1] (8:41 - 8:58)
First of all, the messaging is important with your app. The message about what your product does should resonate with basically your ideal customer. After that, it is all about how good your product is and your customer support, which will not only keep your existing customer, but they will also refer others to your product.

[Speaker 2] (8:58 - 9:10)
And the last question is, if you could stand on Abhishek's shoulder before you had this successful business, this amazing SaaS business that you built, what would be your advice to yourself or to people watching this who want to do something similar?

[Speaker 1] (9:10 - 9:28)
If you are young, take risks early because you have less responsibilities and don't neglect marketing. That is the important thing. Apart from that, I would say don't build things because you can.

If you really want a SaaS business to support your lifestyle, then I think you should first search for what people are looking for and then build it.

[Speaker 2] (9:28 - 10:27)
Well, that's great advice. Thank you, Abhishek, for coming on. I love the business that you built and hope to see you at 100,000 MRR.

Thank you, man. Thanks a lot. Man, I just loved hearing about how Abhishek thinks about building apps.

I think the strategy is cool because it's very approachable. There are a lot of low-hanging fruit out there that exist like this, where you can go find a big company, figure out what users like and dislike, and then build that micro version of it. It's not necessarily easy, but the strategy is pretty simple, and I think it's very doable.

And with tools like Lovable and Cursor, you can spin up these projects and get started and have a real working prototype in just a few hours. And that's exactly why we built and launched Starter Story Build. In a few days, you'll learn how to build stuff with AI, and who knows, in a few months, you might have your own $10,000 per month micro SaaS.

If you're interested in Starter Story Build, head to the first link in the description to learn more. Thank you again for watching. I'll see you in the next one.

Peace.

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

--- FILE: I copied a business for sale and turned it into $20K_month(transcript).txt ---

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

[Speaker 2] (0:00 - 0:13)
The number one question I get is, how do I come up with a good business idea? But the truth is, you don't have to. And this video is proof.

Meet Adrian, a solo developer from Austin who had a different approach.

[Speaker 1] (0:14 - 0:17)
I copied a successful app and now it makes me $20,000 a month.

[Speaker 2] (0:17 - 0:25)
A year ago, he saw a successful app for sale, but instead of buying it, he rebuilt it himself and now it makes $20,000 a month.

[Speaker 1] (0:25 - 0:29)
If something is working, you have a moral obligation to copy it.

[Speaker 2] (0:29 - 1:02)
I invited Adrian onto the channel to share exactly how he did it, including the specific platform he used to find proven ideas, his method to validate if an idea is worth copying, and the playbook he would use if he had to start over again today. If you've been looking for the right business idea, this episode might change everything for you. I'm Pat Walls, and this is Starter Story.

All right, Adrian, welcome to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story?

[Speaker 1] (1:02 - 1:15)
Hey, my name's Adrian. I'm a solopreneur. I built a SaaS to 20K a month, and I found this idea not by coming up with something new, but rather I copied a successful app I found on an online business brokerage and built it myself.

[Speaker 2] (1:15 - 1:20)
Okay, cool. So you built this API doing $20,000 a month. Can you share a little bit more about some of the numbers behind it?

[Speaker 1] (1:21 - 1:39)
Sure, yeah. So monthly revenue is about $20,000 a month right now, and it is a credit-based model, so you just pay for credits and then use them. There's no subscription.

So right now we have 600 people who have paid, but aren't necessarily paying on a regular basis. We do almost like 20 million API requests a month right now.

[Speaker 2] (1:39 - 1:49)
Okay, cool. Before we get into how you found this idea and kind of the genius way that I think you did it, I do want to understand a little bit more about your background. How do you get to the point where you build a SaaS like this?

[Speaker 1] (1:49 - 2:15)
So I moved to SF wanting to be a part of tech, learned how to code at this program called App Academy. It was a code bootcamp, then got a job in Utah as an engineer for three years, always with the goal of starting my own business, then quit with $30,000 in savings, and then freelanced, built a course, built some products, but didn't have success until I stuck with this one thing, which was Scrape Creators, and then here we are now.

[Speaker 2] (2:16 - 2:30)
All right, Adrian, what I love about your story is how you came up with this idea and how you validated that this was something that was worth building. Before we get into all that, can you share how you even come across the idea to build a web scraping API?

[Speaker 1] (2:30 - 2:58)
Absolutely. One of my followers on Twitter actually DM'ed me telling me to check out this listing for microacquire or acquire.com, and it was a scraping API, and the reason that he DM'ed me that is because I already had a product that had to do with social media, so he thought that I might be interested in checking it out. Once I did, I saw the numbers and was completely blown away.

I had no confidence myself that a scraping API could make that much money. The fact that they were only getting their customers through SEO, I thought this is a product for me, I'm going to do this exact same thing.

[Speaker 2] (2:58 - 3:10)
Okay, so you see this idea on microacquire, which lists business for sale. You can kind of see how much money is making or how much the business is worth. How'd you know that this is something that you could replicate and could potentially be successful?

[Speaker 1] (3:10 - 3:45)
Well, a couple of different things. One, I had this skill set because I had been studying scraping for three years, so I had already kind of built those APIs that were hosted on this website. So technically, I had the confidence that I could build it.

And then the reason that I thought I could make money off of it was because they were doing 30,000 monthly recurring. They were around for three years, only got their customers from SEO, and they had less than 100 customers. So doing that math in my head, I was like, I could probably do that.

And I have a little bit of a presence on Twitter. So even if I just message people on Twitter, I probably could get there even without SEO.

[Speaker 2] (3:46 - 3:51)
Okay, cool. Well, you find this idea, you think that is something that you could potentially replicate. How do you go about building this?

[Speaker 1] (3:51 - 4:24)
So I am a Node.js developer. Everything is written in JavaScript. So really, it was just a matter of hosting the APIs like on a server.

So I had them all in one of my repos. So put those scrapers on a Node.js server on render.com. So then hosted the API there.

For the documentation, I just put that actually in a Notion doc and then a basic website, and then that was it. So it was pretty bare bones. And it probably took just a couple of weeks because I had built that experience in those scrapers for my previous three years of experience and got my first customer a few weeks later.

[Speaker 2] (4:24 - 4:43)
Okay, so you build this, you get your first customer pretty quickly. I think a lot of people watching this may be similar to you, software developer. They have the skills to build something like this.

But the hard part is getting customers growing, scaling this, and replicating what this business that you sort of cloned had already done. So how did you grow this business? How did you get customers?

[Speaker 1] (4:43 - 5:14)
I hang out on Twitter a lot. So people see me there. People have seen my content.

My first customer was just because I scraped a company's site. And then the CTO actually commented on that post. So completely accident.

And then also anytime someone has a launch video that has anything to do with scraping social media, then I comment saying, hey, I'll give you 10K free credits if you'll try my API. But the great thing about a scraping API also is that you don't have to have a lot of customers to have a decent MRR. So I have maybe like 12 who pay for the majority of that MRR.

[Speaker 2] (5:15 - 6:27)
I love Adrian's strategy for copying successful apps, but here's the thing. He didn't just copy the idea. He got creative and made his idea 1% better than the rest.

Nowadays, this creative edge is what separates winners from everyone else. And this is where the HubSpot for Startups Creative AI Use Cases Database comes in handy. It's a free database with over 100 creative ways to use AI in your business.

These aren't the obvious AI apps that everyone's already building. These are the creative uses your competitors haven't discovered yet that can give you an unfair advantage. My favorite part is the fact that they break down the list by difficulty, business impact, and even steps on how to get started with which tools.

Just find the one that resonates with you and run with it. So if you're ready to join Adrian and start your own SaaS business, then download the free AI differentiation database at the first link right below in the description. Thank you to HubSpot for Startups for sponsoring this video.

Now let's get back into it. I wanna understand a little bit more about this framework. If you were to start over today in 2025 and go to MicroAcquire and find another idea, how would you do that?

For people watching, can you break it down step-by-step?

[Speaker 1] (6:27 - 8:50)
All right, this will be my playbook if I was doing this again. Step one, you're gonna visit the MicroAcquire marketplace. Step two, filter by SaaS.

And then step three, filter by asking price. So we're not looking for apps that are making any money, that's not great. We're looking for pre-validated ideas.

So increase that asking price to at least 300,000 or you can filter by annual recurring revenue, whatever you want. All right, step four, you're going to look for things that you would be good at or a market that you would know about. For example, I knew I wanted to build a product that had something to do with web scraping.

That was my niche. It was niching down for that. You would want to build a product that you have some sort of knowledge about.

All right, step five, we're going to try to find the website. Obviously at MicroAcquire, they don't list what the website is, but we're going to reverse engineer and try to find the actual website. So a lot of these SaaS businesses are really easy to find because you can just Google what they have in their listing.

So in the title or description, you can just Google part of that. And usually they're using like their title or H1 or description actually in the MicroAcquire description. So it's pretty easy to find.

Or they actually list competitors if you scroll down. So all you have to do, a lot of times the website will write blog posts or pages that will say competitor name and then alternative. So all you need to Google is the competitor and then alternative or alternatives.

One of those two ways will get you to the site and then you can just view the site and see if the copy is similar, then boom, you got the site. All right, step six, try to reverse engineer how they acquired customers. This is arguably the most important part.

Not so hard to build the product, but how are they getting customers? So for example, the app that I was copying, I knew that they got their customers mostly from SEO. Read everything that you can on the site, any information that they talk about how they're acquiring customers.

Try to look up like the founder on Twitter, LinkedIn, try to find podcasts or YouTube videos, any way that they talk about the product or how to grow the product. Step seven, actually build the damn thing. Step eight, yeah, this is just don't copy word for word.

Don't copy everything literally exactly. You just wanna copy the concept, the idea. Step nine, don't get distracted with other projects.

Do something every single day to promote or improve the product. You know that this idea is making money. So now you just have to execute, do something every single day to build the product or market it.

And I guarantee you will make money. You will be successful.

[Speaker 2] (8:51 - 9:04)
Okay, thanks Adrian for sharing that full playbook. I think that's awesome. We haven't really talked yet about what your API does specifically.

You have this sort of micro SaaS API. Can you just share what it does, how it works, what type of customers use it?

[Speaker 1] (9:04 - 10:11)
Yeah, so it scrapes specifically social media. That can be Instagram, YouTube, Twitter. And then we just scrape public data.

Gotta say that for the lawyers out there. We scrape social media as well as like their ad libraries as well. So the Facebook ad library, LinkedIn ad library, et cetera.

And this obviously helps developers because scraping is a pain in the butt. So we scrape so you don't have to. We handle all of the infrastructure, proxy rotation, et cetera.

And who uses this tool is a lot of like LinkedIn bio tools. Anyone who's tracking analytics, like short form content. Yeah, so it's a credit based system.

So pay as you go. So we have three payment plans right now. $10 for 5,000 credits, $50 for 25,000.

And then 500,000 credits for $500. I think it does well because it works. Like there's a lot of scrapers out there like social media in particular that break pretty often.

So with mine, I think people like it because it's reliable. And then if it's not reliable, then I'll communicate with people pretty frequently as well. As well as it's really easy to get ahold of me.

Whereas a lot of developers who build these sort of things, you don't even have their email or a way to contact them. So I think that is also helpful.

[Speaker 2] (10:11 - 10:20)
Okay, let's change topics a little bit. I want to understand TechStack. You're a developer.

You have a scraping, pretty technical type of product. How did you build this? What's your TechStack?

[Speaker 1] (10:20 - 11:00)
Yeah, honestly, it's pretty straightforward, pretty easy. So everything is written in Node.js JavaScript. And it's just a bunch of HTTP requests.

So one important thing that I use is this package called mpit. It's developed by Appify. So another scraping framework.

So you npm install mpit. Use that for HTTP requests. And then just a lot of proxies.

So I have four main ones that I use, which are Evomi, Core Residential, which are the cheapest residential out there, Docodo, WebShare, and Massive. And then I host everything on render.com or I host subscripts on AWS Lambda. Obviously I use Cursor.

So that's 20 bucks a month. And then Supabase for the database. And then the front end is Astro plus React.

[Speaker 2] (11:00 - 11:07)
And on a similar note, I'm also curious, what are the costs to use all these tools? What does the profit margin look like for your business?

[Speaker 1] (11:07 - 11:22)
Yeah, margin is about 80%. Most of it is spent on proxies. So about $1,500 a month right now is spent on proxies.

And I hire a developer in the Philippines to monitor the API for outages at night. So he's about $500. And then server costs are about 400.

[Speaker 2] (11:23 - 11:36)
Okay, cool. Thank you for sharing that. Thank you for being transparent about all that.

That's awesome. Last question that I want to ask, we ask everyone who comes on Starter Story, what would be your advice for anyone watching this starting out in 2025 about how to do something like you've done?

[Speaker 1] (11:37 - 11:47)
Stop bouncing around ideas and just pick one thing. Do it every single day. Focus on it every single day and you'll make it.

Stop getting distracted because that's exactly what happened to me.

[Speaker 2] (11:47 - 11:54)
Cool. That's amazing, Adrian. Thank you for coming on.

Thank you for sharing all this, being super transparent. I love the business you built. Thanks for coming on and sharing everything.

[Speaker 1] (11:54 - 11:55)
Thanks, man. Appreciate it.

[Speaker 2] (11:55 - 12:47)
Big thanks to Adrian for coming onto the channel. I love his story because it flips the startup myth on its head. Adrian didn't need to invent something brand new.

He just saw a model, he copied it, and he executed better. And that turned into a SaaS that makes $20,000 a month and effectively changed his life. I think the lesson that anyone can take from this is stop waiting for that genius idea.

Just start, build, and keep improving. And you never know what might happen. This is exactly why we launched Starter Story Build, where we will show you how to take your idea, use AI to build it fast, and launch in just a couple weeks.

Even if you're starting with no team, no money, and no clear idea. If you want to finally build your first app, launch it, and potentially turn it into a profitable business, well, head to the first link in the description and check out Starter Story Build. That's it for this episode, guys.

Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed it. We'll see you in the next one.

Peace.

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

--- FILE: I Locked Myself In A Room, Made 17 Apps, & Sold 2 for $265,000 (transcript).txt ---

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

I built and sold two apps for $265,000 after teaching myself to code in just two months. This guy locked himself in a hotel room, taught himself to code, and started building. And just two months after, I launched my first app.

He started small, but over the course of that year, he built over 17 apps. Most of them failed, except for a couple, which he then sold for a combined quarter of a million dollars. So, what did he do right? I grew my app from $0 to $7,000 of monthly recurring revenue with Facebook ads when everyone said it wouldn't work.

But what's even cooler is the secret he learned along the way on how to quickly monetise these ideas. I sat down with Nico for a couple hours and got all the sauce. And in this video, you'll learn exactly how he taught himself to code and build apps, how to sell your app the right way, and a full breakdown of his special secret, paid ads.

Sit down, strap in, and let's go. Hunt down walls, and this is Starter Story. All right, welcome Nico to Starter Story.

Thanks for coming on. Can you tell me a little bit about yourself and what you built? My name is Nico. I've built 17 apps in a year, and I've sold two of them for $265,000 USD.

The first one is makelogo.ai, which generated $26,000 of sales. Plus, I sold it for $65,000. So that's around $85,000 in total revenue from this project alone.

The next one I did was TalkNotes, which generated $77,000 of sales before I sold it for $200,000 last July. I'd love to get a further breakdown of the two apps that you built that you sold for a combined quarter of a million dollars. So makelogo was an app to generate logo using AI.

The business model was just one-time payment. So you can select a pack of logos. So there was options for like 5, 10, or 15 options.

And then you had a few options to customise it. So for example, add some text next to it or just change position, etc. I started working on it, I think in November.

The transaction was closed in March. So that would be around six months. Most of the customers were people who were just curious about AI in general.

But I also had lots of small entrepreneurs who didn't necessarily want to pay a designer for a full logo. But still didn't want it to have like something super generic. The next one I did was TalkNotes.

TalkNotes is an app that helps you turn any kind of voice notes you can record into proper formatted text. In terms of pricing, I started with one-time payments. It was like a one-year pass.

And eventually I switched to subscription, which was 60 a year or $12 per month. In terms of customers, I think I had around 10,000 users for the app. I had like different targets, like people who often need to brainstorm ideas and write them down so they can remember it later.

Let's go into what got you building online. Give us a timeline of going from working for someone else to learning to code and making a living with your own projects. I got started because I had a summer job in a bank and I really hated it.

So I resigned after three days. I was 19 years old back then, I think. And I had like no clue what entrepreneurship was or what I was doing.

So I was just like trying things out. After around one year, I decided to create a brand of ties made in France. Obviously, it didn't work out because no one is wearing ties anymore and I didn't have experience.

But it got me started into e-commerce and marketing, which ended up with me learning about dropshipping on Facebook groups. So I gave it a try. I didn't really get much success from it at first, but I learned how to run ads on Facebook.

Thanks to this, I was hired as a freelancer for a Belgian clothing brand. Eventually, the owner of the brand I was working with told me that we would have to stop because he was going to work with someone cheaper. At the same time, my e-commerce brand wasn't working as well as I wanted.

It generated sales but very little profit. So I decided to stop everything, lock myself in a hotel room for two months and learn to code. It was hard, but after that, after those two months, I was able to make my very first step, so it was worth it at the end.

How did you find the ideas that ended up being successful? And just generally, how do you find ideas? For that, I have four main criteria. The first one is the perceived value. Is that something valuable to other people? Are they valuing solving this problem? Or is it just like a slight inconvenience that they don't really care about? The second one is the scale.

Is there like a market for that? Or is this like three people worldwide, then the idea is not going to go far. So I want to have something that people want and that many people want. Last two ones are more related to me, so that would be my own skills.

So is that something that I can do myself? And the last one is distribution. So is there a way for me to reach users in a profitable way? But I would say most of the successful ideas I had came to me like organically, in a sense that I needed that for myself and I just made it. All right, so let's talk about how you actually build products.

What's your step-by-step process to go from zero to one with a new idea? So I usually start by fixing a hard deadline. If I don't have any constraint in time, then there will always be something to add, something to make, you know, the perfect app, etc. And it forces me to only focus on whatever is necessary.

Then the next step is the app prototype. So that would be the very first interface to interact with the tech. So I usually start with like some kind of planning phase.

So that's where I write down all the features, not the nice stuff, only what is just essential. Once I plan all that, I like to look for, for example, design ideas for the interface on Dribbble and Google Image. And recently, V0 has been really useful to generate interface.

And then once I have lots of ideas and I have a better idea of how my interface is going to look like, then I either make like some kind of prototype on Sigma. If that's a really complex user interface where I have to put lots of things together, or I just do it directly by coding and improving on the code. Then the next step is to add like SaaS layers.

So that's things like authentication, payment, like anything you need in a SaaS. That's typically the boilerplate code that you use from one project to the other. Once I have all that ready, I go to the landing page part.

So this is going to be the sales pitch. So just making a landing page that is as compelling as possible, you know, to make people want to either sign up or purchase the app or whatever is the goal of this project. Once I'm done with that, I focus on optimisation, like optimising for SEO, et cetera, fixing like small issues, there is any or optimising for mobile, et cetera, et cetera.

Okay, so this is a lot of the build stuff. Tell me a little bit about the launch, which is, you know, are there any either shortcuts or kind of hacks that you found to be able to launch faster? Yeah, for example, for Mac logo AI, I use Typeform to get the information, the name of the project, some information and what kind of logo they wanted and collect the payment. So I didn't have any backend at all.

It was not automated. It's definitely not scalable, but I was able to get something going and I got my first sales from that. It's probably mean people are interested into that.

And now I can spend more time making a proper interface. Before we get into the marketing side of things, I want to talk about something else. First, if you're building anything in B2B, then you need to stop and watch this.

I talked to a lot of founders in B2B behind the scenes about selling into enterprise and just how much it changes their business. Imagine adding 100,000 in ARR per year from a single customer because you landed a whale. Well, that's what happens if you do enterprise right.

But everyone in B2B knows that this comes with a huge headache. Making sure your app is compliant with SOC 2, ISO 27001, ISO 42001, HIPAA, et cetera. If it's not, you'll probably lose the sale, waste a bunch of time and feel sad because you know just how much money you're leaving on the table.

Well, that's where Vanta comes in and we've partnered with them because I think what they're doing is awesome. Vanta is designed to get your startup compliant fast so you can close those deals with confidence and not worry about the massive paperwork headache. Not only does Vanta save you time, it also saves you money.

This new IDC white paper found that Vanta customers achieve $535,000 a year in benefits and the platform pays for itself in just three months. Over 10,000 companies like Ramp, Atlassian and Pendo use Vanta to manage risk, improve security in real time. So if you're serious about getting compliant, then I think you should definitely download this free SOC 2 checklist.

It breaks down the process and the road ahead so you can land more enterprise deals with far less headache. Just click the first link in the description to download it for free. Thank you to Vanta for sponsoring this video.

I think what you guys are doing for founders is awesome. All right, let's get back into it. Let's talk about marketing.

So we talked about how to build, how to launch, but probably the hardest thing is marketing. So how have you gained thousands of users and made hundreds of thousands of dollars? So it all depends on the project and the resources I have available. For example, for MakeLogo, I didn't have much saving.

So I didn't want it to spend any kind of money on ads. But the thing is, I was the first to have like AI generated logo back then. People were just naturally curious.

For Toknot, it was a bit different. I didn't start ads right at the start. So I first tried to validate the idea organically.

And just from that, I got 1500 MRR or something like that. And once I got to this point, I knew the idea had potential. I decided to start running ads.

And I didn't have still lots of resources in terms of creative. So it was really basic static ads. So it's just like an image with a headline, et cetera.

I ended up making then landing pages for specific audiences and ads for those audiences. And that's where it really blew up. For the marketing cost, again, it really, really depends on the project.

For Toknot, for example, I was spending between $20 to $100 per day. I mentioned this is really not much for ads. But I also had limited resources to both make creatives and a lot of customer support, et cetera.

So in my situation, it wouldn't make sense to spend thousands per day back then. Well, let's dive into that a little bit because a lot of the people we talk to on this channel, make it through organic, short form, this sort of stuff. This is really, really cool that you did this with paid ads.

So can you just walk me through your paid ad strategy a little bit? So it really depends on the platform. For example, you have search platforms like Google, Bing, et cetera. So in this case, that's more about giving people what they want at the right timing.

But you also have interruption platforms where you show your ads while people are doing something else. So for example, on Facebook or Instagram, they're just scrolling. And in this case, it's really all about catching the attention and making the user want to learn more by watching the ad and then clicking on it.

I use both video and static ads depending on how much budget I have, et cetera. I have one ad for TalkNodes that worked really well. It's not really like a professional ad.

It's more something that you can find scrolling on your feed. So if you look at the video, it's not like professional studio or whatever. It's just a guy that I paid and he's recording himself reading the script in his office.

So it looks really like organic. It doesn't really look like an ad. People will naturally be more inclined to watch the ad and maybe click after that.

That's one of the things that made this ad work well. And it also focusses on the problem. So the name of the app, like TalkNodes, is not mentioned until way after in the ad.

You just keep giving them reason to watch, to watch, to watch until the end of the ad where you have the call to action and it's like, oh, now if you have all those problems and you want a solution, then have a look at this product, for example. Okay, cool. So I want to do a little section going over the sale process.

Just talking about acquire.com and the process of posting your idea on there. I think that would be helpful since you've gone through the process two times. To sell the app, the first thing is obviously where are you going to list it for sale? In my case, I went for acquire.com. Now, they don't handle the transaction themselves.

So they just put you in touch with like the buyer, etc. But then you have to make the wire like sort of on your own. The important thing is to make sure that the listing is like a landing page.

So you really want to showcase your startup as like a product. Now, for the negotiations, it's better to underprice your startup to get buyers interested. Because the thing is, there is some like ego play.

So for example, I think I got like $50,000, then maybe $55,000 or something. Then I got $65,000 paid over a year. And then the last call of the day, the guy was like, OK, I don't want to waste time like bidding against all the buyers, etc.

So I'm going to offer you $65,000 cash, but we need to finalise everything in the next two weeks. I don't want to waste time. Nico, can you tell me what kind of tools or languages you use to build these products and run your businesses? I use Nuxt as my main JavaScript framework.

I tried like different frameworks, but Nuxt is just much better on every aspect for me. I also do use Nuxt UI that goes with it. So it's like a library of components.

So that way I don't have to code like every little button and stuff like that. I can just say, OK, button here allowed me to code like three times faster. So I don't have to remake everything.

Obviously, I use Cursor for coding. So what I did is I embed the documentation of Nuxt and Nuxt UI compared to before when I was not using AI, Nuxt, etc. I just worked like 10 times faster with just those three ones.

I use V0 a lot. So you just say I want this interface and they just make it to you. You get the code.

So I just have to convert it into Nuxt. Then for SEO, even if it's not my main channel, I still try to do a little bit. And Ahrefs is amazing for that.

To collect user feedback, I use and I created it myself is FeedbackWidget.co. It's just a way to easily collect feedback. And the last one I would say is Testit, which is the one I created is to make A-B testing and increase conversion rate or test different boardings, etc., etc. Let's talk about day in the life.

You sold multiple apps for a quarter million dollars. What is your life like now? What does a day in the life look like for Nico? So in terms of routine, right now, I don't really have like a strict routine. Like I wake up at 7 a.m., work in the morning.

And in the afternoon, I either work if I have things to do or I just do like hobbies, play video games with my friends, stuff like that. But when I have like a really specific goal in mind and it's just about grinding, then I just wake up at like between 5.30 or 6 a.m., just go to the gym. And then I just work until 7 or 8 p.m. I move really, really fast by using this mix of like try hard, then rest a bit to assess and try to find what I work on next.

That's awesome. OK, the last question that we asked everyone on Starter Story is if you could stand on Nico's shoulder in that hotel room when you were just learning how to code, what would you tell him? What advice would you give? Yeah, I would say don't get emotionally attached to the products. That's something I already had.

But yeah, make technical prototypes quickly to solve the problem. Then go to talk to users as soon as possible. Another thing, don't try to make $100,000 or even like $10,000 for your first project.

If you haven't got any success yet, just try to make your first dollar online first and forget about scalability or anything. It's just compounding small wins. But you need these first little wins to push the snowball until you get like a bigger one at the end of the slope.

All right. Well, that was awesome. Thank you, Nico, for coming on to Starter Story.

Your journey is amazing. 20 apps. Sold them for a quarter of a million.

Living the dream in Bali. So I'm excited for what you're going to do next. And thanks for coming on and sharing everything.

Thanks. That was a pleasure. So thank you for Nico for coming on.

I think your story is amazing. I think if you watch this, it might feel like Nico had some crazy formula for success. But I really just don't think that's the case.

He got started, shipped a crap tonne of stuff. And while doing that, he eventually kind of stumbled on a couple of things that worked. I see a lot of people waiting, waiting for the right time to start, sitting on the sidelines, while others like Nico are just getting started, playing around with all these AI tools and new markets and just shipping stuff every week.

If you're trying to do something similar, well, I have something special for you. It's called the AI Build Accelerator. And in two weeks, you'll ideate, build and ship a real life production app.

Imagine what would happen if you started today. Imagine where you could be in two weeks. If you're curious about doing this and actually building something, then check out the link in the description if you want to learn more.

But this is only for people that are serious about actually building something. I'd love to see you in there. Just click the first link in the description and let's build.

All right, guys, I'll see you in the next one. Peace.

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

--- FILE: I Make $100K_Year From 2 AI Side Projects (transcript).txt ---

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

[Speaker 1] (0:00 - 0:04)
Jag gör 100k per år från mina sidor, medan jag håller på med min fulltidsjobb.

[Speaker 2] (0:04 - 0:57)
Möta Ramshree, en app-byggare från Indien, som använder två bra AI-sidor, medan han håller på med sin fulltidsjobb. Jag arbetar bara med mina apper 1-2 timmar i veckan. I den här videon avslutar Ramshree hur han håller på med allt detta, och varför han inte planerar på att avsluta sin fulltidsjobb.

Skälet till att jag inte avslutade min fulltidsjobb är... Jag tog Ramshree till kanalen för att dela med sig av hur han fick miljoner av användare, medan han spenderade 0 dollar på marknadsföring. Hans framtid för att hitta tillgångsfulla sidoprojektidéer.

Och skälet till att bygga något successfullt projekt med AI. Att bygga med AI är enkelt, för... Om du bygger apper på sidan, så är denna avsnitt en måste-se.

Jag heter Pat Walls, och det här är Starter Story. Starter Story Hej Ramshree, välkomna till kanalen. Tack för att du kom hit.

Berätta lite om dig själv, vad du byggt och vad är din historia?

[Speaker 1] (0:57 - 1:13)
Jag heter Ramshree, och jag bygger två apper som ger mig 8500 dollar per månad. Jag bygger just nu de här två apperna tillsammans med min fulltidsjobb. Just nu spenderar jag ungefär två timmar i veckan på de här apperna, och de rör sig mest av helt autopilot.

[Speaker 2] (1:13 - 1:16)
Bra. Berätta lite om några av siffrorna bakom de här affärerna.

[Speaker 1] (1:17 - 1:38)
Supermeme har gjort ett livsavdelning på runt 130k USD, och Question är runt 100k USD. Båda kombinerade är på 8500 dollar, så ungefär lite över 100k ARR per år. Om vi tittar på användarna, så är det 1.5 miljoner plus användare för Supermeme, och runt 150k plus användare för Question.

[Speaker 2] (1:43 - 1:52)
Vad jag älskar om det här är att du bygger det på sidan. Du har bestämt dig för att hålla din fulltidsjobb. Berätta vad det känns som att bygga bra projekt med en fulltidsjobb.

[Speaker 1] (1:52 - 2:46)
Det viktiga under de inledande faserna av utvecklingen av de här två projekten var att använda 1-2 timmar av daglig utveckling och utveckling. SAS har ganska många komponenter. Det handlar inte bara om att bygga den tekniska aspekten, utan det handlar om en hel del saker, betalning, autentikation, databaser, marknadsföring, SEO.

Det tog ett par år för mig att förbättra mig i alla de här aspekterna. Konsistens var det enda som hjälpte. Idag med tekniker som Deep Research och AI-assisterade kodningstekniker som Windsurf och Cursor, så har det blivit mycket lättare att bygga och hålla på med de här apperna, tillsammans med det du gör på fulltid.

Idag handlar jag mest om mina SAS-appar. De är i autopilot-mode. Jag använder en hel del tid på söndag avtal, för att göra uppdateringar eller snabba bug-fixeringar.

[Speaker 2] (2:46 - 2:55)
Jag är intresserad. Du har de här företagen som är ganska bra. Varför har du beslutat att gå fulltid?

Att köpa tillbaka all din tid. Varför har du beslutat att hålla på med din fulltidsjobb?

[Speaker 1] (2:55 - 3:22)
En sak är att jag inte vill ta på mig VC-förening eller ta på mig ansvaret för att hjälpa och hålla på med ett team för att kunna växa. Och flera andra aspekter av livet. Till exempel, jag har en barn och återvunna föräldrar.

Så jag vill inte att folk runt mig går igenom samma rollercoaster av känslor och är alltid busig och har ett unga livsstil. Jag vill inte att de upplever det.

[Speaker 2] (3:22 - 3:30)
Låt oss ta ett steg tillbaka och prata lite om din bakgrund. Jag vet att du har gjort en massa olika saker. Välj mig genom din bakgrund och hur du blev intresserad av att bygga appar.

[Speaker 1] (3:30 - 5:10)
Jag var fullständigt på MOOC-revolutionen. Jag gjorde varje tekniska kurs på Coursera, Udacity och alla de här plattformarna från 2015 till 2018. När jag började göra det här började jag få många idéer i AI-rummet.

Och jag trodde att det var dags för mig att experimentera. Så från 2018 till 2020 fick jag bara mitt fötter i entreprenörskap. Jag hade ingen entreprenörskap- bakgrund.

Så jag testade bara vattnet. Så jag började skriva om mina experiment på LinkedIn och Twitter. Eventuellt började folk följa mig och fråga frågor.

Att vakna varje dag och skriva online på de här plattformarna blev mitt stöd. Och under 2021 och 2022 tog jag alla mina lärdomar och lanserade Udemy-kursen. Och det tog 10 000 dollar tillväxt till nu.

Det var ett bra steg för min entreprenörskapsutveckling under 2022-2023. Jag lärde mig NoCode-verktygen och lanserade den första versionen av Question.ai. Ingen vackra UI, bara två textboxar till vänster och till höger. Sen insåg jag att jag hittade bottenhåll och tänkte bara lära mig fullt med den nyaste och bästa tekniken.

Jag spenderade 6 månader och fullporterade Question till modern teknik. För SuperMeme, eftersom jag visste hur svårt det var att växa som en egen startup så ville jag ta en annan väg. Så jag samarbetade med en fulltäckt utvecklare.

Jag är en AI-person och det finns en annan marknadare. Det gick bra. Ungefär ett år, ett år och ett halvt innan jag tog upp en fulltidsjobb också.

Och jag är ganska glad att allt gick bra.

[Speaker 2] (5:10 - 6:33)
Innan vi avslutar med hur Ramshree byggde sina två projekt vill jag highlightera något viktigt. Du behöver inget massivt budget för att bygga ett bra företag. Men du behöver veta vad folk söker för.

Därför är vi rädda att samarbeta med SEMrush. SEMrush är en all-in-en marknadsplattform som är trustad av över 10 miljoner användare från indie-förare till globala branscher. Den hjälper dig att förstå exakt vad din publik vill så att du kan bygga något smartare och marknadsbättre.

Här är hur du kan använda den i tre snabba steg. Starta en fri 7-dagar-prövning genom att använda länken nedan. Det behövs inget kreditkort.

Använd koden MAGICTOOL som har över 26,6 miljarder koden för att se vad folk redan söker för i ditt nivå. Spida dina konkurrenter. Träffa trafiken.

Uppfatta gränser där din nästa stora idé kan växa. Många tror att SEMrush är bara för SEO men det är så mycket mer. Du kan använda det för att validera nya idéer, skapa innehåll som rankar och även hitta betalade koden som dina konkurrenter sover på.

Så om du är seriös om att bygga produkter som folk faktiskt vill ha, börja med SEMrush. Klicka bara på den första länken i beskrivningen för att få din fritt test. Okej, vi återgår till videon.

Vi pratar om idéer. Du har två successfulla idéer. Jag tror att du har haft några som inte har funnits.

Hur hittade du dessa idéer? Och generellt, hur tänker du på att hitta idéer som är värt att bygga?

[Speaker 1] (6:33 - 7:29)
I kort, för att sätta det i en framtid få manualtjänster som folk redan betalar som kan vara mycket förbättrat eller förbättrat av existerande eller vikande generativa AI. Det är där klivet ligger. Vi tar till exempel Question.ai. I år 2020, det första som vi identifierade var att stora tekniska företag och publikföretag gör en hel del quiz-skapande. Vi såg att det finns potential här. Men AI var inte där än för att skapa automatiserade quiz-skapande från text. Men vi kunde förutse att den här quiz-skapandet med AI kunde växa mycket de nästa fyra åren.

Så det var vår insikt. Du borde alltid hålla en tapp på var generativa AI hittar sig, så att du kan identifiera nya företagets användande fall som den nya AI-teknologin kan uppnå, som tidigare inte var möjliga eller komplext eller kostande.

[Speaker 2] (7:30 - 7:45)
Det är coolt, okej. Nu pratar vi om tillväxt, eftersom många av dessa AI-appar är byggda nu. Någon kan bygga något nu, men nästa del av tillväxten är att fokusera på tillväxt.

Du har över en miljon personer som använder en av dina appar. Berätta hur du har uppnått tillväxten, hur du fick dina första användare och hur du gjorde företaget.

[Speaker 1] (7:46 - 8:59)
Bygg tillväxt före att bygga ett produkt. Med tillväxt menar jag att skriva om saker som intresserar dig eller vad du arbetar på. Till exempel, före att bygga produkt, skrev jag många blogg om quiz-generation, skapade några videor på Youtube och sånt.

Varje dag visade jag mig på LinkedIn och skrev om saker jag arbetar på. Både Question.ai och Supermeme.ai, även före att nå någon viralitet, byggde vi dem helt i publiken. Ibland fick jag 10 lika, ibland 100 lika, 400 lika.

Så algoritmen förändras hela tiden, men tillväxten betyder mycket. Det är därför jag har hittat medarbetare för min app. De såg mina poster och vi fick tillsammans.

Jag skulle säga att det största grejen var att Social Media ledde till medarbetet. Det var så vi fick alla våra första användare, itererade på de initiala MVP som vi byggde. Efter det låtade vi på Product Hunt och lyckligen med det initiala sättet av användare som var våra championer genom Social Media, de hjälpte oss och även viraliteten av AI Meme Generator fick oss till nummer ett på Product Hunt på låtningen för Supermeme.

[Speaker 2] (8:59 - 9:12)
Coolt, jag gillar det. Låt oss gå lite mer tekniskt. Jag vill höra hur du bygger för du gör det här på sidan och du måste veta mycket coola tekniker och hur du byggde det här företaget.

Så lämna mig genom din tekniska stack och de tekniker och språk du har lärt dig och använt för att bygga det här företaget.

[Speaker 1] (9:12 - 9:37)
Det är Next.js för primära app-utveckling, fullstack-framework som är baserat på Javascript. För backend är det primärt Superbase. För landingpager och så vidare har vi använt TypeDream för att bygga no-code landingpager och göra snabba och snabba SEO-förändringar.

Och det är mycket utveckling med AI-assisterade kodningsmål som WinServe, Cursor. Det här är vår nuvarande text-stack.

[Speaker 2] (9:38 - 9:43)
Och på samma nivå, lämna mig genom kostnaderna och marginalerna. Hur mycket kostar det att bygga det här företaget? Vad ser marginalerna ut?

[Speaker 1] (9:43 - 10:01)
Jag skulle säga att vi levererar på 70-75% profit-marginal. Den största kostnaden är främst API, om det är AI-API från OpenAI, Anthropic. Det andra är att vi har inga arbetare utöver företagare.

Det hjälper oss att hålla kostnaderna minimala.

[Speaker 2] (10:01 - 10:11)
Coolt, jag gillar det. Låt oss gå över till lite mer av en personlig nivå. Du levererar två successfulla sidoprojekt, du har en fulltidsjobb, du har en familj.

Vad ser en typisk dag i livet ut för någon som du?

[Speaker 1] (10:11 - 11:13)
Min typiska dag börjar klockan 7.30 i morgon, där jag vaknar, får min barn dräkt upp och lämnar honom till skolan. Klockan 9.30 är jag van. Jag har en tredmill hemma, så jag går lite och hittar AI-nyheter.

Klockan 12.30 hämtar jag min barn och vi har en hemmagjord middag som fortfarande är klockan 2.00. Från 2-5.30 är det där jag gör min fulltidsjobb. Efter det har jag middag med familjen och om det finns några ursäkta, betydande task så betalar jag en timme från 9.30 till 10.30 eller 11.00 för att göra jobbetrelaterade saker. Annars tittar jag på tv eller dokumentärer och går till bed 11.30 eller senast klockan 12.00. Jag hittar inte min SAS-relaterade saker varje dag, jag betalar framförallt klockan 2-5.00 eller 2-4.00. Det är då jag har en eller två timmar för att göra bilduppdateringar eller göra lite hemmagjord jobb för SAS-apparna.

[Speaker 2] (11:13 - 11:22)
Den sista frågan vi ställer är om du kunde sitta på Ramserys hjul när du bara började och försökte hitta den första app-idéen, vilket råd skulle du ge honom?

[Speaker 1] (11:23 - 12:19)
Tänk som en byggare från dag ett och i dagens tid är det väldigt möjligt att anpassa den mindseten och bygga något snabbt. Till exempel, även om du vill göra hemmagjord, finns det tekniker som Lovable, Bold.new även om du bara vill använda en chängad workflow-app så finns det automatiseringar som du kan skapa med tekniker som Make, N8n, Zapier, etc. Så när du har ett problem eller kommer fram med en idé som kan byggas, bygg en minimalt tillgänglig prototyp av den genom att använda dessa tekniker.

Det andra är att följa tekniska uppdateringar väldigt tjockt, för du kan identifiera nya användare som kan byggas på toppen av dem, men det största är att satsa på att lösa ett problem genom att chänga och ställa ihop tekniker och produkter som finns ute och spendera månader i R&D. Det är väldigt viktigt.

[Speaker 2] (12:19 - 12:26)
Okej, tack Ramshri för att du kom hit för att börja din historia. Jag älskar vad du har byggt. Fortsätt att bygga mer och jag hoppas att jag får dig tillbaka i framtiden.

[Speaker 1] (12:26 - 12:30)
Tack så mycket Pat och det är min plötslighet att vara här.

[Speaker 2] (12:31 - 13:09)
Tack Ramshri för att du kom hit till kanalen. Jag älskar personligen hans uppgång till att bygga många olika sidoprojekt, inte ta en stor leap av att släppa din fulltidsjobb och ha ett bra livsstil och fortfarande titta och ha kul och bygga saker. Jag älskar det personligen.

Om du vill bygga något liknande, specifikt AI-sidoprojekt, så kolla på Starter Story Build. Jag har en länk i beskrivningen, men i 12 dagar kommer du med en idé, bygg den, lansera den och ha en verklig produktionsapp i slutändan. Det här är för någon som är seriös om att bygga saker och kanske skapa en app som kan förändra ditt liv.

Jag lägger länken i beskrivningen om du vill titta på den, men annars ses vi i nästa. Hej då!

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

--- FILE: I Make $15K_Month With 2 AI Apps (transcript).txt ---

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

[Speaker 1] (0:00 - 0:10)
Jag trodde att jag aldrig kunde köpa ett bra produkt, för jag var inte så bra på att koda. Nu när jag tjänar 15k på mina produkter känns det som om det inte är riktigt.

[Speaker 2] (0:11 - 0:37)
Hur kom han till att bygga två SaaS-produkter till 15 000 MRR som en vanlig kodare? Det är på grund av hans sättning att hitta vinnande idéer. Jag har nischat ner så mycket som möjligt, jag behöver bara 0,1% av marknaden och jag är klar.

Fernando började sin resa som egenhetsägare. Han jobbade med klienter i över en decennium. Men sen kom hans entreprenöriella drömmar till ett avstånd när han mådde gå tillbaka till sin 9-5-jobb.

[Speaker 1] (0:37 - 0:46)
När jag jobbade på min 9-5-jobb drömde jag alltid om vad jag skulle göra. Jag visste att jag ville hitta ett sätt att återgå till min autonoma som jag hade på ett ställe.

[Speaker 2] (0:46 - 0:53)
Efter att ha blivit avstängd, bestämde han sig för att ha haft noggrant och gick all in på sin dröm. Nu var det riktigt.

[Speaker 1] (0:53 - 0:59)
Jag har alltid lagt på min 9-5-jobb. Men inte längre. Jag behövde stiga upp och bygga något.

[Speaker 2] (0:59 - 1:24)
Ett år efter att han tog ett steg, blev Fernando en egenhetsägare. Han fick ett bra liv medan han jobbade bara fyra timmar per dag. Så jag berättade till honom hur han gjorde det och hur ni som tittade kunde göra något liknande.

Och han delar allt, inklusive sin process för att hitta bra idéer, sin strategi för att bygga och validera de idéerna snabbt och den distributionskanalen som ger honom de flesta av sina betalande kunder.

[Speaker 1] (1:25 - 1:31)
När det gäller distributionskanalen för både Resume Maker.Online och EIKA Results, så är det den stora kanalen.

[Speaker 2] (1:31 - 1:41)
Okej, nu börjar vi. Jag heter Pat Walls och det här är Starter Story. Välkommen, mannen.

Tack för att du kom hit på Starter Story.

[Speaker 1] (1:41 - 2:24)
Berätta om vem du är och vilket företag du har byggt. Jag heter Fernando och är en produktdesignare från Argentina. Nu bor jag i Sverige och jobbar fulltid på två slags projekt.

Resume Maker.Online och EIKA Results. När det gäller Resume Maker.Online vill jag definiera det som den enklaste vägen att bygga din resume. Och sen har vi EIKA Results.com som jag lanserade förra året och det är den första EIKA Results-generatorn. Och den ger användare ett fantastiskt sociala medier-resultat, även om du inte vet något om design. Båda produkterna rör sig om en frimed-modell, så du kan börja direkt för fri, men abonnemanget öppnar alla EI och Pro-fönster. Samtidigt har de tagit in runt 15K MRR, vilket ger mig ett steg från 9-5 och hoppas att det fortsätter så.

[Speaker 2] (2:24 - 2:32)
Okej, eftersom du inte bara byggt en, utan två lyckliga projekt, kan du berätta lite mer om din process för att hitta vinnande idéer?

[Speaker 1] (2:33 - 3:29)
Jag tycker det är lättare att skratta på min egen nivå. När jag ser något som jag vet kan vara dyrt att använda, så trodde jag att det kunde vara en bra idé. Varför inte skapa något som simplifierar det här, något som löser det här problemet specifikt, i stället för att ha flera funktioner som Canva, Onbato.

De flesta användare är inte pro-användare, de vill bara ha den enklaste möjligheten att uppnå något. Det är vikten av att vara en egenföretagare. Canva kan inte förvänta sig en väldigt specifik lösning, eftersom de måste targetera en större publik.

Så jag tror att det är där egenföretagare kan försöka. Nischa ner så mycket som möjligt, hitta en del av en stor marknad som de kan sälja bättre än de stora företagen. Med EIK-resultatet är det bara mig.

Jag har ingen eko-företagare, jag har inga verksamheter. Jag behöver bara 0,1 procent av marknaden, och jag är bra. Jag tror att det finns väldigt färdigt grund för indie-hackare eller företagare att skapa lösningar som är mer fokuserade och löser en specifik fråga.

[Speaker 2] (3:29 - 3:41)
Okej, så din uppgång är att ta de här stora marknaderna och nischa ner dem och bygga en enkel lösning för användarna. Men hur ser du på att validera dessa idéer, och hur vet du att det är något som är värt att bygga?

[Speaker 1] (3:41 - 4:24)
Jag går efter marknader som redan är validerade. Men jag försöker vara lite annorlunda. Ta en ny uppgång.

Med Resumemaker.online var alla dessa resumensbyggnader verkligen laddade. Du behövde betala innan du ens såg hur resumensen skulle se ut. Jag tog en helt annorlunda uppgång.

Du trycker bara på en knapp, du är där. Du kan se hur bra det redan ser ut, och jag tror att folk verkligen resonerade med det. Det är min filosofi.

Jag tror att det kommer att bli min filosofi framöver. Vi tar en validerad marknad, och hittar ett sätt att rädda folks tid. Jag säger alltid att jag inte säljer design.

Jag säljer tid. Det är den värden som jag ger. Jag hjälper dig att komma till en bra nivå, och det är mer än nödvändigt ibland.

[Speaker 2] (4:25 - 5:32)
Att validera din idé är en av de viktigaste stegen när det gäller att börja med något nytt, och Fernando är bevis på det. Profitabla sidoprojekt är byggda på rätt idé, rätt marknad, och rätt lanseringsstrategier. Men processen att gå från 0 till 1 kan vara lång, och det kan göra dig trött om du inte följer en solid marknad.

Det är därför jag har skapat The Academy. Det är ett 5-talsprogram där du hittar en idé, bygger den, lanserar den, validerar den, medan du bara arbetar två timmar per dag. Det är samma framtid som jag använder för att bygga ett miljoner dollar företag, och det är vad jag har sett tusentals andra lyckliga företag använda.

Det är vad som faktiskt fungerar, för det handlar om att ta action och faktiskt bygga saker och lägga det ut i världen, vilket är vad jag verkligen vill se dig ta en bild på. Så om du är intresserad av att bygga en sidoprojekt som Fernando, och du vill omkörda dig med andra byggare, så gå till den första länken i beskrivningen för att se om The Academy kan vara en bra anledning för dig. Nu återkommer vi till Fernandos historia och den fantastiska företag som han byggt.

Okej, nu ska vi prata om att faktiskt bygga produkten. Jag vet att du gjorde en 10-dags utmaning att gå från 0 till 1 med AI-karuseller. Kan du berätta lite mer om den här anläggningen?

[Speaker 1] (5:32 - 6:52)
När jag jobbade på min 9-5-åriga drömde jag alltid om vad jag skulle göra. Efter ett år och en halv som jag jobbade där, bara ett par veckor efter en väldigt positiv utmaning, berättade de att jag var fyr. Det var bara en dag innan mina planerade vakationer och jag var faktiskt ganska förvånad från 9-5-åringen.

Det gav en så sour smak i munnen så jag var inte så optimistisk och jag ville inte hitta ett annat jobb. Jag tror att det här var den push som jag behövde. Nu var steget verkliga.

Jag har alltid beroende på min 9-5-åring men inte mer. Jag behövde stå upp och bygga något. Så jag tänkte, okej, då går vi till en public challenge.

De första dagarna försökte jag få de största anläggningarna att fungera. Även som designare, och eftersom det här är ett designprodukt, så måste det vara lite trevligt. Men det var väldigt, väldigt enkelt.

Det var de mest baserade tex karuseller som man kunde skapa. Det är också en bra sak att lansera de här barebone-produkterna eftersom när du börjar få feedback så berättar feedbacken dig var du ska gå. Den största värden som jag får från den här utmaningen är att om det hade funnits, så kunde jag ha flyttat mig till nästa sak utan några problem.

Men om du arbetar i sex månader, ett år på en produkt, så är det lätt att komma ihåg. Det kan vara svårt att höra att produkten inte fungerar. Om jag lanserar i framtiden så vill jag försöka replikera den här ursäkten.

[Speaker 2] (6:53 - 7:02)
Wow, det är en fantastisk historia. Tack för att du delade i det. Så efter att du byggde MVP så lanserade du på Product Hunt.

Kan du berätta mer om den lanseringen?

[Speaker 1] (7:02 - 7:26)
Ja, trots mina behov så gick lanseringen riktigt bra för AI-Carousels och fem användare stängde upp. Folk kan säga att de gillar din produkt och du kan ha en intuition att det finns en behov av den men den ultimata valideringen är när du får betala för den, riktigt? Om produkten var super-buggy så var det för mig den ultimata produkten.

Om de betalar för den här buggy-produkten så finns det verkligen en möjlighet här och jag måste dubbla ner.

[Speaker 2] (7:26 - 7:33)
Så efter att du fick de första fem kunderna hur fortsatte du att få fler av dem? Vilka lanseringsmetoder använde du?

[Speaker 1] (7:34 - 8:21)
När det gäller lanseringen för både Resume Maker.Online och AI-Carousels så hjälpte Product Hunt mycket att spreda den världen, särskilt med Resume Maker.Online som vinner första produktet av veckan. Det spreds så snabbt och jag fick så många backlinks men sen är SEO den huvudkanalen och jag är definitivt bättre på att bygga det och marknadsföra. Så jag började bygga en massa fritt tool för båda produkterna.

Jag tror att det är runt 30. Det måste bara vara något komplementärt till din huvudprodukt, som en naturlig utställning. Det är en bra sätt att få in trafiken, särskilt om du inte är en SEO-expert.

Att bygga det publikt hjälper också att spreda världen på Twitter och LinkedIn. Jag tror att folk, särskilt när du försöker göra det personligt, kan vara lite skrämmande ibland, men det är LinkedIn. Jag har också lanserat en affiliate-program för båda produkterna, som fungerar bra.

Det är i progress.

[Speaker 2] (8:22 - 8:29)
Så efter att du började få fler betalande kunder, var det en specifik prisstrategi som du använde för att monetisera produkten till sin potential?

[Speaker 1] (8:29 - 9:05)
Priserna var lite svåra i början. Jag vete att det var i beta, så jag lanserade den på 9,99. Nu efter att jag har använt så många funktioner och produkten har växt så mycket, så är det 14,95.

Jag vill vara sett som en tillräcklig verktyg, inte en djup. När det gäller Resume Maker.online började jag med ett enstående köpmodell, vilket gjorde totala sens för den typen av produkter. Men efter att jag lanserade den som en SaaS tidigare i år, även om köpet är högt, så är tillväxten mycket mer förväntad.

Det är riktigt bra, för när du en gång köper går du tillbaka till nulla. Det är lite skrämmande varje gång.

[Speaker 2] (9:07 - 9:14)
Jag vill dubbelklicka till topiken om Churn. Har du en strategi som du använder för att minska Churn för AI-karuseller?

[Speaker 1] (9:14 - 9:49)
Ja, min strategi var att börja med karuseller, men öka och använda andra verktyg, så att folk kan komma för karusellerna och de stannar för hela paketet. Det är väldigt lätt att kommunicera värdena när man bara fokuserar på en, det kärleksmessaget, som i det här fallet är karuseller. Det är lättare för mig att stanna ut mellan alla konkurrenter genom att presentera mig som den bästa AI-karusellergeneratorn.

Men när folk kommer så hittar de att det finns många andra verktyg som de kan använda för att maximera deras online-presentation. Det hjälper verkligen att göra produkten bättre så att folk inte avslutar, men också för att ta tillbaka förväntade användare.

[Speaker 2] (9:49 - 9:55)
Jag vill gå in i topiken om kundstöd. Jag vet att det kan vara svårt som kund, så hur går det för dig?

[Speaker 1] (9:56 - 10:54)
Ja, när det gäller kundstöd är det viktigt. Jag tror att det är en annan produktsättning. Det är en del av erfarenheten och jag försöker bara replikera så snabbt som möjligt.

För det handlar inte bara om att hjälpa användarna för mig, särskilt när jag lanserade. Att få den här initiala feedbacken var lite som en skamkod. Det hjälper inte bara att skapa riktningen på produkten, men det gör också att alla dessa frustrerade kunder blir lojala fönster eftersom vi skriver om en paket eller en rekommendation.

Kanske i en timme när paketet är fixerat och rekommendationen är upp. Jag försöker alltid att ämna att jag är liten. Både i Personal Maker och i iCarousel har jag en about-page där jag säger att det är bara mig här.

Du pratar direkt med företagaren och på e-mail är det alltid jag, det är aldrig vi. Det är Fernando, vår företagare och jag försöker verkligen att ämna det i stället för att pretensa att jag är som en stor företagare. Jag känner att det verkligen fungerar.

Folk vill inte handla med en smaklös stor företagare. Jag tror att som e-företagare måste vi leverera på det.

[Speaker 2] (10:54 - 11:01)
Okej, nu börjar det bli tekniskt. Vilka tekniker och software använder du för att göra 15 000 dollar per månad som e-företagare?

[Speaker 1] (11:02 - 11:23)
Ja, när det gäller tekniker håller jag mig väldigt lätt. Jag använder bara Notion för att organisera båda produkterna. Jag använder OutZeta.

Det är en no-code-teknik som är perfekt för SaaS-företagare. För mig är no-code idealt för att spela upp alla de bästa sakerna som byggande, CRM, abonnemang, alla repetitiva saker som man inte behöver återinventera. Det ger mig fokus på att förbättra det egna produktet.

Ja, det är det.

[Speaker 2] (11:24 - 11:29)
Wow, det är bra. Hur mycket kostar det att röra dina företag?

[Speaker 1] (11:30 - 11:50)
Kostnaderna är runt 1 000 per månad. Så projektmarknaderna är över 90 %. Jag har inga företagare eller företagare.

Det är bara jag. Men det här året har jag en e-företagare som hjälper mig med lite mer dyrt användande kontentverk. Så ja, jag bjuder honom in när jag behöver göra något sånt här.

[Speaker 2] (11:51 - 12:02)
Jajamän, 90 % av marginalen är imponerande. Wow. Låt oss prata om konkurrens.

Jag är säker på att eftersom du bygger i validerade marknader att du möter mycket av det. Hur handlar du med konkurrenter?

[Speaker 1] (12:03 - 12:20)
Jag är glad att konkurrensen existerar. Jag menar, det är en bra sign. Du vill inte vara den enda.

Och det kan också vara lätt, tror jag, att få tag i att försöka samla upp varandra, alla konkurrenter, med den nya coola funktionen. Ofta är användarna oroliga för något helt annat. Så det är därför jag håller min fokus på användarnas feedback.

[Speaker 2] (12:20 - 12:25)
Okej, nu ska vi ta det lite mer personligt. Hur ser ditt dag till dag ut just nu?

[Speaker 1] (12:26 - 13:47)
Efter så många hektiska åren som jag har hållit mig i min office-jobb med mina personliga projekt. Jag har flyttat till olika länder. Jag har byggt jobb och lanserat produkter.

I början av året beslöt jag att ta saker lite snabbare, bara för att njuta av sommaren. Så jag beslöt att jobba bara fyra timmar per dag. Och det var ganska svårt först.

Jag förstår att tänka på möjligheten och kostnaden. Jag tittade på filmen och tänkte att jag kunde jobba. Jag kunde lansera produkter.

Men det blev bara den bästa beslutningen för företaget. Allt började gå ännu bättre genom att jobba i mindre tid. Så jag beslöt att hålla på med dessa fyra timmar av djupt arbete varje morgon.

Att ha den här restriktionen förplåter dig att vara intentionell för din turist. Du fokuserar på det som är viktigt. En sak jag gör är att säkerställa mig att jobba även på veckan.

Jag känner att det verkligen håller momentum. Det känns bra att släppa dagliga ständigheter från klockan nio till fem. Jag vaknar utan alarm.

Min kalender är öppen. Jag har bara fått din kallad. När jag kommer tillbaka från en vän är jag alltid med.

Jag är i en bättre mood. Jag är glad överallt. Jag är mer patient med min kvinna.

Det ger mig också en mental klarhet att fokusera på vad som är viktigt i företaget. Jag tror att det är därför företaget gör sig bättre. För jag känner mig bättre.

För mig är det mer viktigt att optimera för livet och inte för tillväxt.

[Speaker 2] (13:48 - 13:57)
Okej, Fernando. Den sista frågan som vi alltid frågar alla företagare som vi intervjuar är om du kunde ge en del adress till alla företagare som bara börjar nu. Vad skulle du säga?

[Speaker 1] (13:57 - 15:02)
Ja, klart. Jag trodde att jag aldrig kunde köpa ett bra produkt eftersom jag inte var fantastisk på att koda. Jag har alla de självkontrollerade troendena och jag var fel.

De flesta gånger, särskilt i B2C-produkter, behöver inte användare som en superkomplex lösning. Det är bara en enkel lösning. Så om du kan ge ett sätt att göra något snabbare, enklare, det är värde.

Och de flesta kommer nog att betala för det. Det finns absolut inget dåligt i att fokusera på att bygga en liten liten verktyg som tar tid. Du får betala och om vi har tid för dig att göra det du älskar i livet.

Jag menar, jag ska vara ärlig. Jag kunde inte älska sociala medier mindre. Jag gillar att hjälpa människor med alla design-utmaningar, men det jag älskar är att skapa något som ger mig frihet i mitt liv.

Spendera tid med min familj, med min kvinna. Spendera lite mindre tid framför skärmen. Att kunna göra det, att ha den friheten, det är så coolt.

För mig är det något som inte finns i kartan, men det här är vad jag gör. Det här ger mig möjlighet att förbättra mitt livsstil. Och det är vad jag är här för, ja.

[Speaker 2] (15:03 - 15:57)
Okej, mannen. Tack för att du kom hit. Jag älskar det företaget som du byggt.

Tack för att du delade allt med vår publik. Ha en bra dag. Det är den kommunikation och tillräckligheten som jag önskar att jag hade när jag började.

Och det har en massa resurser för att hjälpa dig att hitta en idé, hjälpa dig att skicka det produkten och hjälpa dig att få de första användarna. Gå bara till den första länken i beskrivningen om du vill titta på den. Mycket kärlek och jag ses med er i nästa.

Hejdå.

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

--- FILE: I Make $250K_Month From 20 Apps (transcript).txt ---

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

[Speaker 1] (0:00 - 0:05)
My name is John Rush, and I run 20 different projects doing 3Million AR.

[Speaker 2] (0:05 - 1:04)
John Rush started his career working for huge VC-backed startups. But after feeling unhappy and a bit bored with the VC life, he decided to throw it all out the window and instead launch his own apps as a solo founder. And over the past three years, he's built, launched, and now runs over 26 different apps.

I built in VC for 10 years until I realized this one thing. In this video, we'll take you behind the scenes of John's exact process for building a portfolio of profitable apps. We'll dive into the exact steps he uses to come up with every single idea, how he gets paying customers before building anything, and a full breakdown of all the different apps he runs.

The secret of running 26 startups is... All right, let's get into it. I'm Pat Walls, and this is Starter Story.

Welcome John Rush to Starter Story. Thanks for coming on. Tell me about the business that you built and what's your story.

[Speaker 1] (1:05 - 1:38)
My name is John Rush, and I'm running 26 startups at the same time. After quitting the VC world and joining the bootstrap movement, all my businesses have combined around 1 million users in B2B and combined 3Million ARR, where seven products bring most of the revenue and the other products are bringing the audience and that channel to the paid products. The most popular tool I have is called Unicron Platform.

It's a website builder that helps busy founders to build their landing pages, waitlists, and directories.

[Speaker 2] (1:38 - 1:44)
Okay, so let's move to a little bit about your background, how you got started as an entrepreneur and what your story looks like.

[Speaker 1] (1:45 - 2:51)
Yeah, so it all started when I was little. So my father was an entrepreneur. He would involve me into everything he was doing just for fun.

And by 2020, I was 10 years in to building VC-backed startups. And that's when I kind of felt that it was something against my nature. I was so obsessed with users.

I was so obsessed with the products and the love from the users for my products. But in the VC-backed world, I felt like the whole obsession was kind of different. In 2022, I decided to enter the bootstrap scene.

I found the one tool that I liked the most called Unicron Platform, and I reached out to the founder and I said, like, do you want to sell this product to me, the whole startup? And also when you sell it, you will join me for a year and you will teach me how to be a bootstrapper and how to be an indie maker. And he said yes.

So I paid almost a million dollars for that startup and then and he guided me on and everything. So he was my mentor for a year. I went from being VC-backed founder who knows nothing about bootstrapping to becoming a pretty prominent bootstrapper in the scene.

Cool.

[Speaker 2] (2:51 - 3:01)
Well, on that topic, I would love if you actually did a deep dive on your projects. You don't have to go through all of them, but some of the products you're most proud of and that bring in the most revenue for your business.

[Speaker 1] (3:01 - 3:27)
So all my products are for busy founders. So the first one is Unicron Platform. It's a website builder and directory builder for busy founders, and it has 600,000 users.

The second one is SEObot. It has 100k MRR and it has grown in less than 12 months. And it was one of the first SEO AI agents on the market.

The third one is Listingbot. It finds all relevant directories on the internet and it lists your product there.

[Speaker 2] (3:28 - 3:38)
Thank you for sharing all that. You seem like you're pretty good at finding ideas that work. I would love if you walk through your process for ideating and validating an idea that you're going to end up working on and building.

[Speaker 1] (3:38 - 5:06)
Yeah, so I used the same process over and over again for all my 20 plus products. It all starts with my own pain at work that I want to solve. And then I look for solutions for that pain.

And if I don't find the solutions on the market, then I go and talk about this pain on the internet. And if I see other people resonate with my pain and they say, yeah, I have the same pain and I wish there was a solution, then that's going to be a great signal for me to go to the next step. I launch a waitlist and I see whether I am able to generate 100 signups.

I email them all and I offer them 90% discount on a pre-sale before I build anything. And then if I get five sales, I build the first MVP. I don't even build a product.

I actually deliver the solution manually. At this stage, I don't care about the merchants yet. I just care about the solution being delivered to the customers and whether they actually satisfied with that.

And usually it's not that straightforward. Usually I have to iterate and I deliver solution to the customers and they don't like it. So I iterate, iterate until they like it.

And it's easier to iterate when there is no product, when there's no code. It's much easier because I just have to change my own routine and my own service. And once I find a sweet spot where it satisfies the users, I go and find a co-maker.

The co-maker joins in. We spend two, three month building. And then I have this big launch on Twitter and that's it.

That's the blueprint for all the products I have.

[Speaker 2] (5:07 - 5:21)
Cool. Well, let's talk about that kind of co-maker strategy. I haven't seen that too much before or heard too much about that.

So I'm curious, how does it actually work? How do you find great developers or product managers for this? And how does partnerships work for that?

[Speaker 1] (5:21 - 6:21)
Finding a co-maker is really hard. Same as finding a co-founder. So I usually talk to other makers and I become friends with them.

And that runs for years or months. And then eventually when I'm looking for a co-maker, it's not that difficult for me to figure out who to reach out to because I see that I'm building a tool for social media. And there were these three founders building something similar in the past and they have failed.

And now if I pitch them the idea that has passed the validation part, I have pre-sales done and I have some users, it's really easy to convince them to join. And we share the ownership 50-50. It's just regular co-ownership where I take care of all the operation, legal parts, accounting, and the co-maker takes care of the coding and support.

If you want to be the co-maker people want to work with, the best thing to do is to build things in public because that makes it so easy for anyone else to evaluate you and to just see whether you have things in common, etc. All right.

[Speaker 2] (6:21 - 8:07)
Before we finish talking about John's projects, I need you to hear this. Shipping 20 projects is insane productivity. But the minute you aim one of those apps at the enterprise, well, B2B.

The questions from leads and customers start to change. Enterprise buyers don't just ask, does it work? They ask, are you SOC 2 compliant?

HIPAA compliant? ISO 27001 compliant? Miss that box and your six-figure deal evaporates.

Especially since these frameworks can take months and months to achieve. And that's why StarterStory has partnered with Vanta on this video. Vanta is a trust management platform that automates the painful parts of compliance.

It hooks into your stack, runs continuous checks, and keeps the evidence all clean for auditors. So you can stay in build mode while Vanta handles the paperwork. Vanta saves teams about $535,000 a year and pays for itself in three months.

It's built for startup speed and shaped by thousands of teams. No wonder 10,000 plus companies like Ramp, Atlassian, LangChain, and Cursor use it to prove security in real time. So if you're looking to land enterprise and B2B customers, or just make your project as secure as possible, get started with Vanta's free compliance for startup bundles.

It has compliance checklists, case studies, videos, and more to help you get compliant quickly, demonstrate security, and build customer trust. Just head to the first link in the description, access it, get compliant, close the deal. Huge thanks to Vanta for supporting the channel.

Now, let's get back to the video. Okay, let's talk about marketing. Because you told me that you handle the distribution side of things.

I'd love to hear what your kind of secret sauce is that comes to marketing so many different businesses and getting hundreds of thousands of users.

[Speaker 1] (8:07 - 9:27)
I think that the key essence of good marketing is good product. The ideal marketing is where the product just drives the sales and drives the word of mouth. But it's difficult to build a great product right away.

So usually you start with an average product and you have to do the boring marketing methods to bring first users and then use those users to improve your product and make it great. So before my product is great, I usually go for SEO. And then the second most popular method I have is social media marketing.

So I run that on X, on LinkedIn, on Substack, on Facebook, everywhere. I repurpose the same content on all platforms and I do that every day. So I share at least 30 tweets a month and sometimes more.

And then the third one is the listings on directories. This is a very, very good way to grow your product if your product is hot and interesting. In my case, all products are connected to AI and it's easy to package them in a way that people want to click them when they see them on directories.

So if your product is also click-baity, it's easy to drive traffic from directories. Then I do cross-promo, which is quite unique to me. Every user that tries one of my products ends up trying at least one more product.

And often I have people who try all of my products. The cross-promo works really, really well because people trust you already and they know you deliver. Cool.

[Speaker 2] (9:27 - 9:38)
What I think is really cool about how you have all these different projects is that actually the marketing strategy that comes with that is this idea of cross-selling or cross-promotion. Can you tell me a little bit more about that?

[Speaker 1] (9:38 - 10:16)
So I have over 20 tools where some tools are premium tools I make money on and some tools are just to bring traffic in and channel it to my premium tools. I do two things. So one thing is that I link tools with each other.

And the other thing that's more interesting is that I integrate tools with each other. For example, in SEObot, I have a button called boost my domain rating. And if you click that, then it brings you to my other tool called Listenbot that helps you to boost your domain rating.

I have these integrations across all the products. So users natively float from product to product and end up using my entire ecosystem.

[Speaker 2] (10:16 - 10:25)
Let's move on to the next topic, which is AI. I'd love to know how you are using AI to build, run, grow, and make your business more efficient.

[Speaker 1] (10:25 - 11:47)
The way I use AI for building the products is that I built my own tool, my own AI code generator that lets me build all my SaaS products, no-code tools, and AI agents. And it works extremely well. I think AI in coding is probably the best application of AI in the modern days.

And then I use AI a lot for design. I make all my logos with AI. I make all my images with AI.

So basically, I don't use designers for most of my work. And then I use AI for research. In the past, I would hire people and I would give them research tasks.

But now I just go for O3 research mode or growth research mode. And I give it a task and then it spends like 10 minutes. And then I have a perfect table with all the data I need.

And then I use AI for marketing. That's where I gain the most profit from AI, I think. Because marketing is consuming a lot of resources otherwise.

So I use it for SEO. I use it for generating emails. I use it for copywriting and generating ads and everything.

So basically, I generate everything with AI. Then I use AI for operation. So I built one tool called Nova.

So it's like a project manager AI. And it manages all the projects I have with the co-makers. Because I have a lot of co-makers.

And this AI is just taking care of all those processes.

[Speaker 2] (11:47 - 11:56)
Well, on that note, we're going to talk about some more tools. Tell me about what kind of tools and languages are you using on a daily basis? What are your favorite tools?

What runs a business?

[Speaker 1] (11:56 - 13:20)
Yeah, so I use JavaScript and Tailwind for coding. And it turned out that AI is perfect for these two. Then I use Grok for learning.

So if I have a question, I ask Grok. Because Grok has connection to real-time tweets. And that's where all the best data is.

All the best content is on Twitter. And then Grok has access to that. I use Discord for chat and for project management.

And then I use Apple Notes for writing. I tried everything that's complicated. And then I went back to Apple Notes.

And then I use Cloud and Gemini and OpenAI APIs inside my tools. It's kind of a race where every month I keep switching between them. Because one model is better this month than the other model.

So I use all three of them at the same time. And then let users choose. The AI tools are pretty expensive to run.

For example, in SEObot, we have around 70% margins. So we make 100k a month. And then we pay 30k for APIs.

And then in non-AI tools, where the costs are pretty low, I have 90% margins. The main cost for Unicorn Platform, for example, is support agents. And I have humans doing that.

And I like to have humans for that. Because AI doesn't have the soul. So people don't want to chat with AI.

They just ask questions and they leave. But when you have humans in support, then people might just start chatting about random things and create this relationship. So I think I want to keep human support for all my products.

[Speaker 2] (13:21 - 13:35)
Well, on that note, I think what's cool about your story is you did VC. You had an exit even. And then you also did solopreneurship.

You've done both. You've seen both. So tell me about some of the differences between VC, bootstrapping, and what you think the future of startups are.

[Speaker 1] (13:35 - 14:16)
In the VC world, I think people have to understand the game. And I did not understand the game. I was all about building great products, making happy users.

But the game was about exits. So everything has to be optimized for an exit. In the bootstrap world, it's totally different.

You optimize for profits rather than for the next funding round. In the VC world, you pay for growth. In the bootstrap world, you want to have product-led growth.

In the VC world, you have many people working for you. And you want to grow the headcount as much as possible. Because that increases your valuation.

And in the bootstrap world, you want to cut the headcount as much as possible. Ideally, you want to be a solo. Because then there's no cost at all.

Okay.

[Speaker 2] (14:17 - 14:23)
On more of a personal topic, I would love to learn a little bit more about what your life is like. What does a day in life look like for you?

[Speaker 1] (14:23 - 15:02)
I live in a forest. And I have no social life. I have family and children and animals.

So I wake up in the morning. I go outside. I take care of animals.

I change their water. I bring them food. I cut some grass.

I do some exercise outside. And after one hour, I come back. And I work for five hours.

Then my kids come from studying. And then we spend time together for two, three hours. Then they go to sleep.

Then I go back to work for another five hours. Then I go to sleep at 4 a.m. And I wake up at 10 a.m. So I sleep six hours a day. And it worked well until now.

But now I feel like I have to sleep more than that.

[Speaker 2] (15:02 - 15:09)
Wow. That was not the answer I was expecting. That you're on a farm.

But I love that. What is something that you learned in your journey that surprised you or you didn't expect?

[Speaker 1] (15:09 - 15:49)
So the first time when I seen Build in Public, I thought it's all about marketing. So people do that to get more eyeballs on their products. And that's free marketing.

And that's true. But I realized that even bigger value of Building in Public is that you build up a direct channel with the audience and the users that helps you to build great products. Before Building in Public, my failure rate was really high.

90% of the things I've done failed. And when I started Building in Public, it flipped. So now only 10% of my products fail.

And 90% don't fail because I adjust them before I ship them just because I'm Building in Public.

[Speaker 2] (15:49 - 16:04)
Cool. I like that. Last question that we ask all founders that come on Starter Story.

If you could stand on John's shoulders when you were getting started with that first bootstrap that ended up becoming in your whole portfolio, what advice would you give him or anyone building SaaS getting started today?

[Speaker 1] (16:05 - 16:46)
The most important thing when you build a startup is the idea and the founder idea fit. So people start looking for random ideas and random spaces. And I think that's wrong.

I think people should try to build something they understand. In my case, I went into the extreme and I built things for my own work. And that's something I understand really, really well.

But I think people should build for their own work. They should solve their own problems. And I'm sure at any job in the world, there are hundreds of things you can solve with software.

So don't go too far. Don't look for random things. Just look around you and see what are the pain points in your job.

[Speaker 2] (16:46 - 17:57)
Founder market fit. Build something that you are passionate about or you have some expert knowledge in and you have such an advantage and such a headstart. I love that.

Thanks for coming on the show, John. I love what you built. 26 businesses, 3 million ARR.

It's amazing. It's only going to keep growing. I'm stoked to watch your journey.

Thanks for coming on and sharing all that. Thanks for having me. What I think is probably the coolest part about what you built is how all your different apps kind of all work together.

That kind of cross-selling and cross-promotion thing. I see a lot of people building lots of different things that are unrelated. But what I think really works for him is that every app he builds kind of compounds onto the next one.

But it all starts with actually building something, building that first idea and then doing that over and over and over again. So shameless plug. I would love if you checked out Starter Story Build.

It is our platform to teach you how to build startups, apps and projects with AI tools. I'll put the link in the description for that. If you're serious about actually building something in 12 days, you will take an idea to a real ship product that can actually have users.

And I think that's awesome. Thanks guys for watching. I'll see you in the next one.

Peace.

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

--- FILE: I Make $60K_Month Running 4 Products (transcript).txt ---

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

[Speaker 1] (0:00 - 0:04)
Jag använder fyra olika företag som nu använder 60 000 dollar per månad.

[Speaker 2] (0:05 - 0:14)
Hur använder den här killen 60 000 dollar per månad från fyra väldigt olika online-företag? Det beror på en enkel marknadsstrategi.

[Speaker 1] (0:14 - 0:23)
Jag har spenderat mycket pengar på Facebook-appen. Det har aldrig funnits. Jag har testat Google-appen.

Det har aldrig funnits. Det som funnits riktigt bra var att...

[Speaker 2] (0:23 - 0:35)
Jure började sin resa som en vanlig person som arbetar som softwareingenjör på Microsoft. Men i slutändan blev han trött på att bygga nån annans dröm. Så han började bygga sina egna idéer och i slutändan stämde han på en möjlighet.

[Speaker 1] (0:36 - 0:42)
Den första månaden gjorde vi ungefär 700 dollar. Den andra månaden var 4 000 dollar. Den tredje månaden var ungefär 12.

[Speaker 2] (0:42 - 1:16)
Jag spenderade över en timme att prata med Jure om sina företag och hur någon kan börja bygga bra produkter från början. Lyckligen delade han allt. Hur man hittar vinnande idéer.

Hur man bygger appar med ingen erfarenhet. Och hur han ställde upp 300 miljoner tittare utan att spela en timme på advertiseringen. Nu ska vi gå in i det.

Jag är Pat Walls och det här är Starter Story. Jure, tack för att du kom hit. Berätta om vem du är och vilket företag du byggde.

[Speaker 1] (1:16 - 2:34)
Mitt namn är Jure och jag är en utvecklare som har samfunderat och använder fyra lyckliga online företag som just nu gör 60 000 dollar per månad i tillväxt. Den första är Rumor. Rumor är en anledning som ser ut som denna och du använder den till OBD2-porten av din bil.

Jag lanserade det här företaget om två år sedan och förra året sålde vi 6 000 uniter. Vi genererade 300 000 i tillväxt och de flesta av försäljningen kom från de 200 miljoner organiska kortformade kontentvisioner som vi gjorde på TikTok, Instagram och Youtube. Det andra företaget jag använder heter Parakit AI.

Det är i princip en realtidig AI-intervjuassistent som primärt används för jobbintervjuer. Jag lanserade det här företaget om sex månader sedan och under de senaste 30 dagarna har vi gjort över 35 000 i tillväxt. Det tredje företaget som jag samfunderat heter Optibase.

Det är ett B2B SaaS-företag och det är i princip en A-bit-testningstool för Webflow. Vi lanserade det om ett år sedan och det gör just nu omkring 6,5 kronor i MRR. De flesta försäljningar för det företaget kommer organiskt från Webflow Appstore, Google och Word of Mouth.

Det fjärde företaget som jag just lanserade heter Parakit AI Apply Agent. Det är en AI-agent som använder sig av jobb för dig. Jag lanserade det här företaget om två veckor sedan och det har redan gjort omkring 1 000 dollar i tillväxt så länge.

[Speaker 2] (2:35 - 2:42)
Så du bygger de här fyra företagen i en massa olika industrier. Vad har du lärt dig i den här processen som du känner att du vill dela med världen?

[Speaker 1] (2:42 - 3:16)
Först var jag bara en programmerare, så jag var en väldigt teknisk person. Jag kände hur man byggde produkter. Jag kände alla tekniska ins och ut av det, men jag hade inte riktigt en bra idé om hur man markerar dem eller vad marknadsföring ens betyder.

Och jag tror att en mängd programmerare går genom densamma strunden. De har en idé om vad de vill bygga. De vet hur de ska bygga det.

När det kommer tid att sälja, det är där de förlorar. Jag tror att den här marknadsföringen är lika stor och lika komplext som att bygga det egna produktet. Det är bra råd.

[Speaker 2] (3:16 - 3:27)
Så berätta lite om vad som gjorde dig till att bygga SaaS-produkter eller bara bygga online-föreningar. Berätta om när det först började, när du först fick buggen, till att bli en entreprenör.

[Speaker 1] (3:28 - 4:36)
Jag är 26 år gammal, så jag växte upp i den största internet-föreningens succéhistorier. Jag tittade på sociala nätverk och jag tror att under den tiden var det väldigt mycket en influensiell sak för mig, för världen av entreprenörskap visade sig som den ultimata livsstilen man kan leva. Så från en väldigt ung tid var jag alltid förväntad om att börja min egen affär och göra min egen sak.

Jag började runt 13-14 år med att bygga appar. Jag har aldrig verkligen gjort några pengar, upp till tre år sedan med det. Och sedan på något ställe arbetade jag för Microsoft för omkring ett år och ett halvt år.

När du har ett jobb är du lite begränsad av den strukturen av företaget du arbetar med. Du går till arbete varje dag och det är inte så viktigt om du använder 2x, 5x eller ens 10x effort. I slutet av månaden får du samma betalning och du väntar ofta samma antal tid för en promotion.

När du använder din egen företag, om du använder 10x effort, ser du 10x resultatet. När saker går fel vet du att det är helt på dig att fixa det och göra det bättre. Den här nivån av egenhet ger verkligen mycket betydelse till dagligt jobb.

[Speaker 2] (4:37 - 4:47)
Okej, så vi pratar om företagsidéer. Det är därför många människor tittar idag. Hur hittar du idéer, som hur du hittade idén för din första successfulla företagsrumor?

[Speaker 1] (4:47 - 5:55)
Du kommer inte att komma upp med idéer rörande satt på din soffa. Du behöver vara ute och göra saker. När jag kom upp med idén för Rumor, var jag på gången som byggde Shopify-storer för e-handelsbranscher.

Och jag var överraskad av hur mycket pengar de var betalade. Samtidigt köpte jag också en användbar bil. Så jag köpte en bildiagnostik-användare och när jag spelade med den upptäckte jag att bilen kunde läsa live-rpm av bilen.

Och det var då jag kom upp med idén att jag kunde använda den för att generera falska motståndar genom spelaren och sälja den som en användning online. Det är så lätt att packa allt i en storing. För det är en djup användning som man kan sälja online.

Man kan berätta en väldigt bra historia om den. Folk tycker att idén är rolig. Det är lite kontroversiellt.

Så jag trodde att marknadssidan av den hade potential. Man måste sparka intresset genom en 10-sekunds-video av människor vilket kommer att vara väldigt svårt om produkten är borrande. Du kommer att kunna sälja produkter som är kompulsiva köp på TikTok.

Något som tar mycket tid och tänkande till att köpa kommer inte att påverka TikTok så mycket.

[Speaker 2] (5:55 - 6:01)
Kan du berätta lite mer om hur du validerar idéer eller när du ser en idé? Hur vet du om den är validerad?

[Speaker 1] (6:02 - 7:07)
När du först kommer upp med en produkt eller en affärsidé är det nästan 100% säkert att någon annan har kommit upp med den idén förut och de har gjort det förut. Du behöver kunna värdera konkurrensen och se om det finns någon plats för dig att hugga in med din egen produkt. Det finns två stora områden för dig att fokusera på.

Kan du göra en bättre produkt eller kan du göra marknadssidan bättre än dem? Jag tror att om du försöker börja en online-företagning just nu så är sättet att göra det att betala på organisk, kortformad innehåll. De flesta andra marknadssidan är saturerade till ett ställe där att du bara kommer upp är så svårt för dig att genomföra och göra något som är bra.

Men organisk, kortformad innehåll, om du har en telefon kan du göra en TikTok som får miljoner av tittar och de miljoner av tittarna kan förvandlas till tusentals dollar i tillväxt. Du är bara besträngd av din villighet att jobba hårt och göra rätt innehåll. Så det är varför jag rekommenderar till någon som bara börjar att det finns mycket potentiellt i kortformad innehåll och att bygga företag runt det.

[Speaker 2] (7:08 - 7:19)
Perfekt. Så du är en utvecklare. Många av er vill nog veta hur ni bygger de här produkterna.

Vad är din process för att gå från idé till live-produkt, V1-beta?

[Speaker 1] (7:20 - 8:11)
Det primära jag fokuserar på när jag börjar med en produkt är att tänka på vad MVP är. MVP betyder Minimum Viable Product och den viabla delen är väldigt viktig. Om produkten inte är bra för att göra den första försäljningen så är den inte viabel.

Om jag kan bygga en produkt från 0 till att göra den första försäljningen i två veckor men det tar dig sex månader så kommer det att vara svårt för dig att konkurrera med mig. Jag gjorde en webbapp som i realtid kunde transkribera vad som hände och generera ansvar med ChatGPT. Att förändra den här proven i en produkt tog omkring två veckor.

Det är som att göra en landingpage, marknadsverk och bara ha något som är tillgängligt för kunderna. Om du kan göra två gånger mer under samma tid har du två gånger högre chans på succé än nån annan.

[Speaker 2] (8:11 - 9:34)
Okej, så URI förstår att kontent och förhandling är viktig när det gäller att bygga en online-företag. Och jag vet att många av er vill göra något som URI. Bygga saker, skapa kontent som kan gå viralt och faktiskt göra pengar med era idéer.

Om du vill ta tillvara på denna virala kontent-vägen när det är varmt och ha AI som hjälper dig med det så gå till den första länken i beskrivningen för att få denna fria guiden om hur man kan använda AI för att generera högintressant socialmedia-kontent. Denna guiden är superjämställd och det är vad jag skulle använda om jag bara började med AI och socialmedia. Den inkluderar hur man hittar trender, hur man skriver solida prompter och en massa andra verktyg som hjälper dig med att analysera data i kontenten.

Den går också steg för steg in i allt du behöver från forskning till analys. Jag har personligen tyckt att AI-påverkade hugg i framgångssektionen är mest hjälpfullt eftersom den ger exakta templar för att skriva scrollstoppade skrifter. Jag rekommenderar att gå till den första länken i beskrivningen för att downloada den gratis just nu.

Denna guiden är gjord av HubSpot, som är dagens videosponsor. Ett stort grattis till dem för att de har samlat ihop den här gratis resursen. Okej, tillbaka till videon.

Nu ska vi gå in i marknadsverksamheten. Hur får du användare till dina landningsplatser, dina appar och att köpa dina produkter?

[Speaker 1] (9:34 - 10:30)
Du kan skriva ner en lista på tio sätt att göra marknadsverksamhet. Du har ett litet sätt av distributioner. Du kan göra kortformat organiskt kontent.

Du kan göra Facebook-appar, Google-appar, Reddit. Tänk om varje har högsta chans att lyckas. Ta den och dedikera dig fulltidigt till den i de nästa två månaderna.

Vad du såg fungerar, bara doppla ner på den och göra mer av det. Till exempel för Rumour testade jag så många saker. Det som fungerade riktigt bra var kortformat organiskt kontent.

Vi gör fina, korta videos för TikTok, Instagram och YouTube. De går viralisera egentligen eftersom produkten är intressant. Förra året gjorde vi runt 200 miljoner korta-format organiska kontent.

Det ger runt 600 000 besök, över 6 000 beställningar och totalt runt 300 000 dollar i tillväxt.

[Speaker 2] (10:30 - 10:40)
Om nån börjar med en ny produkt, som AI SaaS som du, hur många olika idéer skulle du försöka och hur många skulle du posta i en vecka?

[Speaker 1] (10:41 - 11:09)
Jag lämnar mycket av kontentkreationen till min kollega. Han skapar en del kreationer. Han skriver ner fem till tio idéer för hugg, huvudpart och slutet.

Vi skulle göra tre hugg, fem huvudparter och tre slutet. Om man gör alla olika kombinationer, kombinerar tre hugg med fem huvudparter och tre slutet, så kan man få många videos av det. När vi hittar en koncept för en video som fungerar, så fortsätter vi med samma koncept.

[Speaker 2] (11:09 - 11:22)
Jag gillar det. Berätta lite om din kollega. Du är en utvecklare och bygger en produkt.

Du har hittat nån som kan hjälpa med videor, vilket tar mycket arbete. Hur hittade du honom? Hur är partnerskapet?

[Speaker 1] (11:24 - 11:51)
Jag hittade Urban, min kollega som gör kontent. Jag måste ha skickat hundras e-mail till olika kreationer som jag såg på TikTok och pitchade dem min produkt. Urban var den som trodde på det.

Jag tror att det andra videon han filmade gick viral. Vi arbetar just på en tillgångssplitt. Då är våra intäkter väldigt sammanfattade.

[Speaker 2] (11:51 - 12:01)
Vi talade om att få fokus på din produkt. Hur förändrar du den fokusen på användare och pengar på användare och tillgångar?

[Speaker 1] (12:01 - 12:34)
Speciellt för Rummer, där vi gjorde 200 miljoner tittare i fjol, så förändrade det till runt 300 000 dollar i tillgångar. Jag har en enkelt ländingsplats. Jag testar inte så mycket AB.

Speciellt när man bara börjar och är en liten lag som inte gör så många försäljningar. Om du inte är säker på att förändringen du gör kommer att öka försäljningen, så fokuserar du nog på fel saker. Vi gör en del stora förändringar som jag vet kommer att göra skillnad.

[Speaker 2] (12:35 - 12:44)
Det är bra. Kan du berätta lite om din strategi på betalplanser, fremium, något du har lärt dig av att bygga lite softwareprodukter?

[Speaker 1] (12:45 - 13:16)
Det är väldigt viktigt att hur du monetiserar måste passera med hur din produkt används. Det är en stor tendens för folk att göra en subskription. För Parakit.ai är kreditbaserad en så objektiv mått att monetisera produkten. Det är en stor försäljningspunkt för oss. Många av våra konkurrenter gör subskriptioner. Vi har en stor banner som säger att det finns inga subskriptioner, en enkel betalning.

Så säkerställa dig att hur du monetiserar din produkt passar naturen av produkten.

[Speaker 2] (13:16 - 13:25)
Nu när du har betalande användare, så är frågan hur du håller dem tillbaka och köper mer. Hur tänker du på det när du bygger en SaaS?

[Speaker 1] (13:25 - 13:56)
Om du har den typen av produkter som vi har med Rumr, så måste du hitta den konsistens och repetitivitet i marknaden själv. För du måste alltid ta in nya kunder och alltid följa nästa försäljning. För om du inte gör det så dör din verksamhet.

Med Parakit.ai är det viktigast att du har en bra produkt. Det finns inga marknader, re-emailing och retargeting som du kan göra som kommer att bli en bra produkt och en service som folk är nöjda med.

[Speaker 2] (13:56 - 13:59)
Vilka typer av teknik använder du för att bygga en verksamhet?

[Speaker 1] (14:01 - 14:32)
Den egna stacken som jag använder för att bygga en app är en modern webbstack. Den bygger främst på Next.js och React. För transkription använder vi Speechmatics.

För AI-ansvar använder vi ChatGPT. För transcription betalar vi runt en dollar per timme. Nu betalar vi runt 2 000-3 000 per månad.

För AI betalar vi runt 1 000-2 000 per månad för ChatGPT.

[Speaker 2] (14:32 - 14:41)
Jag vill veta vad en dag i livet ser ut för dig. Vad arbetar du på och vad ser en dag ut för dig?

[Speaker 1] (14:41 - 15:02)
Jag tänker på vad som är den mest effektiva saken jag kan göra för att förändra min verksamhet. Förra veckan förvandlade jag landningsplatsen eftersom jag trodde att det var bottlenecken för Parakit.ai. Det värderas från dag till dag. Det är ett skäl till att vara en entreprenör.

[Speaker 2] (15:03 - 15:06)
Vilka är några av de viktiga lärdomar du har lärt dig av att bygga SaaS?

[Speaker 1] (15:07 - 15:41)
Om du bygger din egen verksamhet måste du kunna handla och tänka på så många saker samtidigt. I morgon kan jag förbättra produkten och jobba på en teknisk nisch. På slutet av dagen bestämmer jag vilken tiktok-hugg jag ska använda som ger mig största tittar.

Kontexten du måste bygga på en kort tid och göra det effektivt är en stor utmaning. Det gör att jag bygger produkter väldigt svårt.

[Speaker 2] (15:41 - 15:50)
Den sista frågan vi ställde, om du kunde sitta på Urejs händer när du började vad skulle du ge honom?

[Speaker 1] (15:51 - 16:40)
Det lär låta klisché, men du måste tro på dig själv. Det är en lång rejäl för dig att gå från inget till att göra pengar och göra din egen sak. Jag tror att den största utmaningen som folk möter är att ge upp.

För hur lång rejäl det är och hur svårt det är och hur mycket random lärdom du får på väg. Från människor som är bra på att bete, men inte vet vad de pratar om. I livet måste man rätt rätt försöka på något som är så ungt som att börja en affär.

När man går till skolan är det väldigt klart vad man måste lära. Om man lär det får man en bra grad. Det här är väldigt annorlunda.

Det finns en chans att du släpper det i tio år och får inget i slutändan. Det är det som gör det skrämmande. Särskilt när du inte har fått nån succé än.

[Speaker 2] (16:41 - 17:31)
Ure är ett perfekt exempel på hur en enskild byggare kan förändra en enskild idé till tusentals dollar. Men det handlar om att veta rätt information och att hitta rätt problem att lösa. Tänk dig att det var ett ställe som gav dig allt det här.

Problem att lösa, blueprinter för byggande och marknadsstrategier som förändrade enskilda idéer till miljoner dollar online-företag. I Starter Story har vi en bibliotek med över 4 000 case-studier och business-idea-siffror där du kan få tillgång till allt det här. Det är sammanfattat med data från verkliga företag och verkliga online-byggare.

Om du är seriös om att bygga en enskild sidoprojekt som Ure, gå till länken i beskrivningen och vi ger dig 52 Micro SaaS-idéer som Ure så att du kan börja på din resa. Mycket kärlek och vi ses i nästa. Hej då.

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

--- FILE: My Apps Make $4.5MYear With $0 Marketing(transcript).txt ---

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

My Shopify app Ka-ching Bundles is currently making me 4.5 million a year and we spend almost $0 on marketing. How does this guy make over $4 million a year without spending thousands of dollars on marketing? Well, the answer is something you probably wouldn't expect. All of our growth is coming either from or Erika started his journey as a designer making just $2 an hour.

Then he stumbled onto an opportunity that would change his life forever. I think there's still a lot of opportunity building in platforms and I'm personally researching. I spent over an hour talking to Erika about all his different Shopify apps and how anybody can start building these things from scratch. 

In good news, he shared everything including how to find platform-specific ideas to build, how to run an async team with 90% margin, and the unique marketing strategy that helped him grow to $4.5 million a year in just two years. All right, let's get into it. I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story.

Welcome Erikas, welcome to the channel. Tell me about who you are and what business that you built. Hi guys, so my name is Erikas. 

I'm from Lithuania originally, currently living in Paris, and I'm a designer turned entrepreneur building Shopify apps together with my co-founder. And we're currently at 4.5 million annual recurring revenue. What's really cool about our business is that we're 90% profitable.

Okay, if you could give me a little bit of a breakdown of apps that you built. So currently we have five apps in total. Our first app in the discount category was Kaching Bundles and we scaled it to around 400k monthly recurring revenue currently.

Then we launched Kaching Post Purchase Upsell. After that we launched Kaching Pop-Up Upsell and right now a few weeks ago we launched Kaching Card Drawer Upsell. All of these apps are in the discount category serving customers that want to increase their average order value within Shopify. 

Since our launch in 2022 August, we already made more than 400 million in additional revenue for all of the merchants that are using our apps. That's awesome. In building these businesses what have you learned? What is the big opportunity on building apps on platforms? The thing I noticed about the app developers is that there's like solo developers, indie hackers, and I thought that they lack great user experience. 

All of their apps are kind of technical and a bit complex for regular users. And the other type of apps was VC backed or like huge corporations. The user experience was great, but the problem about them was that they actually move pretty slow.

If there's a feature lacking, it would take probably months or maybe even a year to launch something new. So that's how I kind of knew that there is an opportunity for me to be in that ecosystem and to try to beat all of those solo developers. I wasn't sure that I will be able to compete with bigger companies backed by VCs and so on, but like a year or two years after doing Shopify apps, I realised that it's possible to compete with them as well.

Okay, let's go a bit into your backstory here. What did you do before entrepreneurship and what got you into building stuff? Yeah, so right after finishing my school, I joined the local web design agency and I started working for two dollars per hour. Since day one, I was always thinking, how can I 10x my earnings? And I quickly I realised that if I want to earn more, I have to work like for myself.

I have to start freelancing. So that's what I did in 2016 or 2015, I guess. Three to four years later, while I was still freelancing, I was building products on the side.

I had a client, a startup who needed a landing page. So what I was doing, I was just browsing the internet and looking for inspiration and that's how I stumbled upon Shopify partners page. I bookmarked it and later on when I looked into it, I saw a section which said that top 25% Shopify app developers are making almost 300k a year and in my eyes, it was like, oh my god, it's huge because what I was making with my freelance work was much less.

Having all of the experience in Shopify, I knew how those apps were and that's how I realised that I have to build something myself in the ecosystem. Cool. Okay, the Shopify app opportunity. 

How did you find this idea? And generally, how do you think about finding ideas? When I was thinking of what do I want to build in the Shopify app marketplace, I already had three main criteria. So first one was it has to be pretty easy to build. I have to build it in like a couple of months, no more than that. 

The second criteria was pretty broad market. I wanted to build something that could be useful for any Shopify store because it would be a lot easier to market it and I could use all of my clients that use Shopify and so on. The third criteria was I needed low competition.

So that's my main setup, how I differentiate good ideas versus bad ideas. Nice. So on the topic of good ideas and bad ideas, let's talk about validation.

How do you know when your idea is validated and what does that look like for your apps before? Before building it, I tried to validate it with basically talking to users, you know, I joined various Discord communities of dropshippers. I joined e-commerce Facebook groups. I posted various Facebook posts in those groups and one of the posts where I had a screenshot of my not yet published app, it was just a design and it kind of blew up. 

There was more than 100 likes and a lot of comments asking, you know, where can I download this app because they thought that it's already live. So that was my first validation that this product is needed and yeah, it could be successful. If you can build a landing page or something to try to get the emails of your customers, that's great. 

If you can even charge for it, maybe make a pre-order or something, that's even better because you already know that people will pay money for it. All right, I gotta stop you real quick and zoom out. Aircos built an insane business, 4 million a year on top of the Shopify app store without spending any money on ads.

And that's maybe the secret, building on top of a marketplace. You don't need a big audience, you don't need to spend money on ads, and there's a built-in customer base just waiting for you to solve their problems. The only problem with that is that Shopify's developer ecosystem is, I'll admit, pretty mature. 

In other words, that means there's a good amount of competition on the platform. So that begs the question, what's the next Shopify? What's the under-the-radar marketplace where I think developers should be building right now? Well, one place I think is interesting is the monday.com marketplace. We partnered with them on this video because they're putting real energy behind expanding the marketplace, investing in the platform, supporting developers, and actively looking for more builders to help meet their growing customer demand.

Now is the time to get in early and make your mark while it's still easier to stand out. They've got over 245,000 customers across over 200 industries and 90% of their enterprise customers use monday.com apps. Enterprise, that's the big bucks.

What's also cool is they have good APIs, clean docs, solid SDKs, and a team dedicated to helping you grow and make money. If this tickles your fancy, well with monday.com, we put together this free download, breaking down a bunch of stats about the opportunity here, who their users are, and what kind of problems they really need solved. And here's a pro tip, take some of that info and plug it into your favourite LLM, and I bet it will give you some really cool ideas for what to build. 

If you want to download, just click the first link in the description, fill out the quick form, and sign up for your developer account. It's all 100% free to get started. I'm stoked that we got to partner with monday.com in this video, because Airkos is an example of what happens when you build on a marketplace.

All right, let's get back to the interview. You're a designer, not a developer. How do you go about actually building these products? What's your process to go from zero to one with a new idea? Yeah, so when I'm designing things, the first thing I look into is competitors.

If there's already competitors in space, that's a good thing, because you can dig into deeper and see how they do, like, see their user experience, just go through it, and I'm taking notes what I really like about it, and what I dislike about it. And after that, I have a clear image of how my app could look like, so that I could fairly say that it's objectively better than my competitors. And to make my chance for success higher, I have to find a co-founder. 

I think finding a co-founder is pretty much similar to doing sales, because you have to sell someone an idea, that you can make a successful business, and you just need their help. That's what I was trying to do, you know, I went into a local developer group in Facebook. I made a huge post, and I mentioned that, you know, first of all, I have Shopify experience. 

Second, I'm a great designer with years of experience, so I can provide a great user experience, which will increase our chance for success. Third, I have all of those clients already using Shopify, which we can sell our Shopify app to. And with all of those things, you know, I think I'm increasing my chance for finding the right fit, and that's basically how I found my co-founder.

Let's go to the next section here. I want to talk about marketing. How do you go from Shopify app to real users and real paying customers? When you are just a new app, you have zero users, you have nothing, you're right at the bottom of the app store listings. 

So I knew that we need to onboard as many users as we can manually. So yeah, I just went to all of the communities, I just went to all of my clients, all of my friends that are using Shopify, and asked them to instal our app and try it for themselves. I made the app free, and this way you can get more instals, and of course more instals then convert to more reviews, and of course it drives more revenue then, and it helps, you know, to improve your product further because you get all of this feedback.

Okay, I want to dive into some of the dirty details about this reviews thing because I think that this is it's simple, it sounds simple, but it's actually genius. So let's go a little bit deeper into the customer support and review strategy that really did change your business. Yeah, so once we said that it's crucial for us to get those five-star reviews, we optimised all of our processes towards it. 

So first of all, our product. Within our product, you straight away, we just ask for then we have all of these monthly emails. So every month we're sending a monthly email in which we show how much revenue this app brought to you, and in that email we also ask for review.

I think around 95% of our reviews for our apps come from customer support. Our customer support is top-notch. All of our customer support agents are really technical so they can dig into your code and fix things.

And yeah, we provide 24-7 customer support right now. Nice. And now that you have a team, you realise still how important this is and I realise that you have like a little bit of a system where you gamified reviews.

Can you talk more about that? So recently I introduced a gamified bonus system to our customer support team and right now we're tracking who gets more reviews. We have the monthly leaderboard and we have all of these different raffles. And actually my favourite bonus is a persuader of the month. 

And what we do is we basically calculate the conversion rate of how many times you ask for review and how many reviews you get. And I think it really helps those agents bring more reviews and of course incentivises them because they get bonuses for each review. Cool. 

Okay. Well, let's dive a little bit into monetization, pricing, and conversion. How did you make the first dollar with caching apps? And how did you get those first users? When we got our initial reviews, when we started ranking for specific keywords, that's when we introduced our monetization. 

We introduced a subscription model. Later on, we introduced some tiers. So like the more you use our product, the higher price you pay.

Nice. And is there kind of a strategy that you think about now every time you go to launch a new app? I always launch it for free because it reduces friction of instals. And as soon as I start getting organic instals, I grandfather all of the users that are already using our app so that they wouldn't need to pay.

And I monetise only the new users. And yeah, we always offer free trial. That also helps. 

And we offer full refunds. No question asked. Because I think the risk of getting one star review is just too big.

That was awesome. Next question is, let's talk about TechStack. What kind of tools or languages do you use to build and run this business? Yeah, so language-wise, I will not tell much because I'm not technical, but in our organisation, we primarily use Slack for our communication. 

Then for our customer support, we use Intercom. Then we use features.vote for gathering feature suggestions. So every user can go to that board and suggest a feature or just upvote for other features that they think that we need to implement. 

Another tool that we're using is Linear. So we use it internally for our task management. Last but not least, we use Mantle.

You have everything Shopify-related there. You can set up affiliate partnerships. You can see all of the metrics, all of the funnels, customer management, and so on. 

Since day one, our profitability was around 90%. Expenses-wise, we always try to stay very, very lean. And I hope we will stay lean in the future as well.

Cool, that's amazing. Let's move on to the next question, more the lifestyle side of things. Can you give me what the day in the life looks like for you, a Shopify app developer making millions of dollars per year? What does your typical day look like? Yeah, so I get up whenever I get up. 

I don't set any alarms. I check my emails while still in bed. I scroll some Twitter like probably everyone else in the world. 

When I have my to-do list, I always try to differentiate quick wins, something that I can do in up to 30 minutes, and all of the other stuff is harder stuff that I focus on later on. I love the lifestyle. I love what I do, and I don't feel like working. 

I feel like I'm doing something I'm really passionate about, which really helps because I'm not counting time at all. That's awesome. Last question that we always ask all founders on the Starter Story channel.

What advice would you give to someone looking to start their own business and start their own thing online? So I think that at start two people are enough. You just have a designer who does all of the product stuff, you have a tech guy, and you're good to go because you will be doing all of the customer support yourself to know what your clients are struggling with. Once you start getting more tickets and once you start growing and scaling your product, then you can start hiring customer support and then you can start scaling your team.

Another advice I could give is probably to hang around other people that are building because community is really helping because you get to know people, you can learn from their mistakes, and maybe you can even find a co-founder in those communities and so on. That's it. Thank you, Erikos, for coming on the channel, sharing your business that makes millions. 

90% profit margin is amazing and I can't wait to see you hit 10 million and take it further. So thanks for coming on. Thanks for having me.

Erikos is the perfect example about how a designer and a builder can turn a simple idea into thousands of dollars. But that came with knowing the right information. For him, it was about Shopify and finding the right problem to solve. 

Well, imagine there was a place that gave you this. Problems to solve, blueprints for building, and the marketing strategies that turn simple ideas into million dollar online businesses. That's what we have at Starter Story, a library of over 4,000 case studies and business idea breakdowns where you can access this, all data backed by real entrepreneurs.

So if you're serious about building a profitable side project like Erikos, head to the link in the description and we will give you 52 micro SaaS ideas for free, just like Erikos, so you can get started on your journey. Much love and I'll see you in the next one. Peace.

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

--- FILE: They Copied a $100M SaaS and Got Rich (transcript).txt ---

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

[Speaker 1] (0:00 - 1:03)
Welcome back to the starter story podcast. Let me ask you a question. Do you think every business idea is taken?

The answer is probably yes. And that's unfortunately why most people give up. But what if I told you that if your idea has already been done, that's actually a really good sign.

Every single day, I see the same businesses getting 5K, 10K, 100K a month, doing the same exact thing. So why is this the case? So today we're gonna dive into why this is actually a good strategy, why this makes sense, and three very specific examples of businesses who took an idea that was already being done and did it in a slightly different way and now they're crushing it.

We're gonna break down each of these businesses, exactly how much money they make and what they do differently and why that made them successful. So if you think every business idea is taken and that's stopping you from getting started, please watch this entire video. I'm gonna prove to you that's not true.

And at the end, share some examples of billion dollar companies that you could rip off. I got Gus here, thanks for coming on the show. Let's talk about billion dollar ideas and how you can use these to create your own little business that crushes it.

[Speaker 2] (1:03 - 1:56)
I do a lot of, obviously, research starter story. And something I see a lot in our case studies of the stuff that people submit is there's lots of ideas that are the same. I find that really interesting.

So I have three examples today that I wanna talk through of companies that are more or less the same thing as a really larger competitor or 100 million, billion dollar companies and how these essentially tiny clones are making money off of those large ideas. So to start off, everybody knows this business. It is a giant company called Calendly.

And so everyone's heard of Calendly. It's a simple way to share your link and get people to talk to you. And actually, Calendly, for some reason, we're getting a lot of shit online recently because for some reason, I don't actually know how I've used Calendly in the past.

I think it's fine. But I think some of their features are lacking for some reason.

[Speaker 1] (1:56 - 2:24)
I'm looking up right now. I like to see, okay, is this really a billion dollar business? In 2023, Calendly revenue reached 276 million.

So that's revenue. And then the previous year, it had done 181. So I don't know what they did in 2024, but I'm guessing that they probably grew.

They're probably doing upwards of 350 million, which makes them a billion dollar business, maybe even a three, yeah, billion to $2 billion business, yeah.

[Speaker 2] (2:24 - 3:09)
Sure, which is insane. But just a few weeks ago, someone submitted an interview with Star Story, and it's this little company called Calday, C-A-L-D-A-Y. And it's only making $5,000 a month.

But from everything I could tell about it, and we're gonna poke around this website a little bit, it is essentially the same thing as Calendly. There's some specific things that I saw that were different that I'd love to jive on. But yeah, if you kind of take a look at this, it's, you know, let's see if I can log in here.

Yeah, so calday.me slash Gus. I'm gonna put that in my browser. And yeah, essentially, select time, whatever.

I'm sure I can sync it to my calendar. But it's like the same shit as Calendly.

[Speaker 1] (3:09 - 3:09)
Yeah.

[Speaker 2] (3:10 - 4:08)
And so it just got me thinking like, what does this do like different? So the first thing I always try to go to is like pricing. Okay, Calday pricing for Calendly, $10 per seat per month.

So that's not that different. What is different then? And the one thing that I found that was slightly different, and we can talk about whether this is a big enough like market or not, is it seems like they market more towards like service industry people, pet sitting, coaches, accountants, photographers, recruiters.

So there's like a maybe a more specific focus of people that they're trying to get to use the software. Whereas Calendly is like everybody, anybody and everybody can use Calendly, 20 million professionals, et cetera. Obviously it's huge.

If you look at like who we serve, you'll see there's all these like certain niche, smaller types of customers. I'm sure they even have articles. I'm sure there's like SEO.

[Speaker 1] (4:08 - 4:21)
When you go to that page and they say that this is better for tutors, do they have like specific features that like you wouldn't get with Calendly that a tutor would need? That's a good question. There must be something on there that tutors need more of.

[Speaker 2] (4:21 - 4:30)
Simplified schedules for students, all lessons in one calendar, automated notifications. I mean, it's all the same thing Calendly does, right?

[Speaker 1] (4:30 - 4:34)
Yeah. Connect apps. There is no differentiator at all.

I mean, it looks nicer.

[Speaker 2] (4:35 - 4:42)
Yeah, it looks like nicer, cleaner, customizable, but I imagine a lot of these features and why is Calendly the best alternative?

[Speaker 1] (4:42 - 4:53)
Like if I search like calendar booking for tutors in Google, it will not come up in the top page. Yeah. But I am seeing all the different Calendly knockoffs.

[Speaker 2] (4:53 - 5:19)
Yeah. So I think that was something that I was interested in as I was like looking at this business and reading the case study is like in some ways, there's like nothing that different about this company, which I think what it makes me think is like, that's awesome. That you can essentially build a very similar type of business.

I bet they're doing like SEO stuff or just like marketing stuff to get their word out.

[Speaker 1] (5:20 - 5:20)
Yeah.

[Speaker 2] (5:20 - 5:25)
And still make. Yeah. Five grand a month.

Yeah. And I'm sure that's gonna just keep growing.

[Speaker 1] (5:25 - 6:57)
I think competing on features is a bad move. So even if this did have better features for tutors, it probably wouldn't necessarily sell more, right? Yeah.

I think what this proves is two things, is that this is a huge total addressable market. Every single professional, basically every adult has a calendar, needs a calendar, right? Even if you work at a company, you need a calendar.

Even if you work as a freelancer, you need a calendar. And most people need calendar scheduling software. Like even I use calendar scheduling software.

I consider myself a pretty big minimalist when it comes to like tools in that sort of thing. The other thing is that it just goes to show you that attention and distribution is everything, right? Just the fact that they have a page called scheduling for tutors.

Yeah. Can you search Calendly scheduling for tutors and see if that comes up? Let's see.

If Calendly doesn't have that, then they're just winning from a marketing perspective, right? For education. Yeah, right.

So their article is click that, scheduling software for education. The tutor who goes into this is probably gonna, they're gonna be like, oh, well, I'm not really education. I work at college or something like that.

I'm a tutor. So I might go for that. Even though the features, if you were to like pound for pound, go and try both of them out, the Calendly may have more features because it's just a bigger app, but they don't have the marketing.

And that marketing makes me feel good if I'm a tutor and maybe I just try that and I use that and I never try anything else.

[Speaker 2] (6:57 - 6:57)
Yeah.

[Speaker 1] (6:58 - 7:55)
So this is like, imagine if they had, I don't know, TikToks, we're talking about how to reduce no-shows. Like they're showing the right features in their marketing, not necessarily having the right features. And that's something that I see from a lot of people is like, oh, I'm just gonna build these features or build these features better.

No, you need to think about how you're gonna, yes, build those, but market them and also the right ones and then market them correctly, right? So that would be the two things that makes me think, look, it's $5,000 a month, but like you said, this is a subscription business. It's gonna grow.

And I can think of so many calendar scheduling apps that people use more than Calendly, right? Yeah, cal.com, they're huge. There's so many different ones.

Savvy Cal, you can book me. Yeah, there's so many. That's always a good sign to see lots of different players in the space.

If you, obviously not, if you wanna build a billion dollar business, but if you wanna build a business that can make 5,000, 10,000, $100,000 a month, this is a great place to be.

[Speaker 2] (7:55 - 8:17)
Yeah, that is always so interesting to me. And I think it's probably super easy to get discouraged when you see all these competitors because like, oh shit, like it's already done. What am I gonna do differently?

But it's also at the same time crazy that you see all these companies that are at least moderately successful and you can personally define what that means to you. So yeah, CalDay, try it out. It looks easy to use, did it in two clicks.

[Speaker 1] (8:17 - 9:16)
Okay, that's the first one. All right, so let me stop you right there real quick. I do have to talk about the Starter Story Build Accelerator.

If you wanna build something like CalDay, which is certainly possible to build with AI tools, should definitely check out the AI Build Accelerator. It is our brand new program where you will come up with an idea, you'll build it, you'll ship it, you'll get it live on a real website, a real production app with auth, database, AI APIs, all hooked up. You'll come out the other side in a few days with a real working app and the skills to build anything you want going forward.

These AI tools, they work right now, but they're a little tough to really build something real. Well, we have an expert named Lazar. He's on site to help you when you get stuck and help you actually build something with these AI tools.

So I put a link in the description. If you're serious about actually building something and building anything that we talked about in this podcast here, check out the link in the description if you're curious about building something, the AI Build Accelerator, it's awesome. All right, back to the episode.

[Speaker 2] (9:17 - 9:34)
Second one, this one I really like. A company you 1,000,000% have heard of, MailChimp. MailChimp is the, you know, huge.

I mean, I've heard of MailChimp for decades, it feels like. And MailChimp is, you know, email marketing platform. And now, you know, they do SMS and all this other stuff.

[Speaker 1] (9:34 - 10:00)
And I'm looking up their data right now. MailChimp apparently hit 800 million in revenue. That's revenue.

And Intuit, who does QuickBooks and other stuff, they bought them for 12 billion. And that was, I'm not sure when that acquisition happened. 2021, they have 1,500 employees.

The valuation was 12 billion and they were bootstrapped too, which is pretty crazy.

[Speaker 2] (10:00 - 10:43)
Yeah, awesome. Okay, so when I see that, I'm like, and I mean, first of all, you can see there's a shit ton of email marketing tools now. Klaviyo, which we use, ConvertKit, et cetera.

But I found this one, again, through the Star Story database. And it's this one called Akumba Mail. And what I, the main thing that I read in the case study and I'm seeing on here is that they market specifically to people in Spain.

And so as you can see on the website here, everything's in Spanish. You can convert it to English if you wanted to, but everything is based in Spanish. Everything is based, if you look at the pricing, where's the pricing?

I think this is pricing, yeah.

[Speaker 1] (10:44 - 10:53)
Well, it's so funny that they don't even do a translation for you. Because typically a website would look at, hey, this person's coming from the US right now, let's translate the site. But they don't even care about that.

[Speaker 2] (10:53 - 11:47)
Yeah, totally. Everything's in euros, all the numbers are, or whatever, everything's in Spanish. And this business, according to our case study, they're making like over a million dollars a year.

Wow. And I'm pretty sure their main differentiator is, because you can look at them on pricing, they're kind of the same, they send emails, they do SMS marketing, things like that. But the main difference I see is that they just market to people in Spanish.

And so they're Spanish speaking users. Whereas I think MailChimp is more, I'm sure they're global, but they're more specific to the US customer base, I would imagine. Right, right.

So, and I think that's huge. So I'm a Spanish speaker myself, grew up speaking Spanish, et cetera. And there is a really strong pull when companies or any type of small business or whatever is specific to, I guess you could say, like a specific culture.

And I think there's a huge draw there.

[Speaker 1] (11:47 - 11:53)
Even on a small scale, if I know that- Hispanics love.

[Speaker 2] (11:53 - 12:21)
Oh, that Hispanics love. I don't wanna speak for all Hispanics. One small example, I don't know if this is like, like if this is legitimate or not.

There's a food company called Siete Foods Brands. It's like healthy Mexican or Hispanic food type stuff, like salsas and chips and taco seasoning. And it's one of the few like specifically healthy brands, but that's also segmented.

It was started by like a Hispanic family.

[Speaker 1] (12:21 - 12:25)
I know this brand. Yeah. I think, didn't they sell for some crazy amount of money?

[Speaker 2] (12:25 - 12:54)
Yeah, they did, yeah. They're huge. But one of the reasons I love this brand is, if someone's trying to be like healthier or whatever, not that like traditional Hispanic food is not completely healthy, but it's not necessarily marketed that way.

And this one is, and I know it started by a Hispanic family. So it makes me wanna like support that as an example. And so, yeah, kind of going back to this idea, I do think that's like a strong pull for this type of business.

[Speaker 1] (12:54 - 13:43)
Yeah, yes. And now that I think about it, email marketing business, right? So it's almost like a founder brand, personal brand kind of angle too, which is because Akuma Mail probably doesn't have millions of customers.

They don't need that because email marketing software, we pay three to $4,000 a month for Klaviyo, which is our email marketing software. They don't need a million customers to have a business. They could probably have email marketing, let's say, I don't know, if they're doing a million dollars a year, that's $80,000 a month.

Each customer is paying them 500 and that's 160 customers. I mean, that's just rough numbers, but the numbers don't have to get that big for you to dominate in the Spanish market for email marketing software. And obviously this can be replicated across so many other.

[Speaker 2] (13:43 - 14:09)
Totally. Portuguese, any other types of languages that are specific. And then there's a good point, like buying from other founders, maybe from your area, from a specific place, I think that does make a big difference.

But again, I think it's just another example of like, I mean, there's so many freaking email marketing tools, you know, and you can look at this and how am I gonna break in here? But I feel like you see it. There was, I'm trying to think of the example.

It was like, it's called like Loops or something like that, is that?

[Speaker 1] (14:10 - 14:12)
Yeah, yeah. Loops, Thoughts, I know those guys.

[Speaker 2] (14:12 - 14:32)
Yeah, that's like another email marketing tool. And that's the niche here is like modern software companies. Do I wanna use like heavy ass Klaviyo or MailChimp?

No, I want something that's like really streamlined that someone that understands whatever, a modern SaaS or a micro SaaS. And so I wonder if there's like an opportunity there.

[Speaker 1] (14:32 - 15:19)
For sure. I mean, I still think there's a lot of email marketing companies that are to be built. And the one that comes to mind is like AI email marketing.

That doesn't seem to have been solved yet. So how can you send emails on my behalf with AI? I'm sure someone's working on it, but I imagine there's gonna be something big there.

And like, it's gonna be tough for the bigger email marketing players to implement AI into their systems because of like the innovators dilemma. But someone new is gonna come along and solve that. And obviously I think they'll do well.

Email marketing is one of those things. Again, every business needs email marketing. You have to send emails.

That is how actually apps are secured through an email address. So by default, emails will always be sent by every single business. It's a good recession proof business, email marketing and SMS too.

[Speaker 2] (15:19 - 15:55)
Yeah, I couldn't pull it up right now. I was trying to find, there was another recent case study submitted in the last like three months of a guy who built an email marketing tool and his niche was like for solopreneurs. And that was like his little niche.

So yeah, a bunch of segments here. I bet there's some for like, I don't know, different professions, for coffee shops, for chefs, for things like that. Yeah, for sure.

Cool. And then the last one, so there's this big company called Netlify. And I'm not a hundred percent familiar exactly with how this works, but I think what Netlify is, is a way to easily share your projects online.

Is that correct?

[Speaker 1] (15:56 - 16:24)
Yeah, I mean, it's just servers. So every single website has a host. So WordPress, if you have a WordPress site, your host is gonna be maybe WP Engine.

If you have, our site on Starter Story is hosted by Heroku. Netlify here, I think their kind of focus is more on the front end stack. So if you're building an app with specific technologies like Next.js and stuff like that. So they're a hosting provider for people's websites.

[Speaker 2] (16:25 - 16:31)
Okay, cool. And last I saw, they're making like $40 million a year or something like that.

[Speaker 1] (16:31 - 16:48)
Netlify in 2024 did 46.3 million, up from 33 million in 23. So yeah, they're growing 10 million ARR. You don't really hear about Netlify as much anymore.

I know that for sale is like the big thing now, but they're kind of quietly crushing it.

[Speaker 2] (16:49 - 17:31)
So, you know, coming off of that, I saw this and I'll pull up his Twitter cause I think it's pretty cool. This guy Barreto, he built a little tool called Tiny Host that he says is doing 400K ARR. Nice.

And here's Tiny Host, the simplest way to host and share your work online. Nice. And, but he recently shared a little thread about how it's like consistently growing and now it's at about 400K ARR.

Nice. And so from what I understand about this business, and this is probably, you know, I'm looking at this example here, it's a simpler way to quickly host your projects online. So kind of like Netlify, but maybe just a little more streamlined or simpler.

[Speaker 1] (17:31 - 18:33)
Yeah. Yeah, Netlify is gonna be like maybe a little bit more, you need to write some code and maybe use your terminal to deploy it or something like that, where this, it looks like you can literally just upload some files, like an HTML and CSS and JavaScript file, just to get a website live, just by simple file upload. That seems to be what they do.

And it's just simpler. I wonder, what's their pricing? Can you pull that up?

Yeah. So they're doing 40, 400K ARR and the middle plan is doing 13 per month, 150 per year, 400K per year. So I take 400,000 divided by 156.

That means they have 2,500 customers using this. I mean, we can see how much customers something like Vercel has, Vercel number of customers, 42,000 in the US alone. So they just have, if Vercel has a hundred thousand customers, which is possible, this company just has 2,500 customers, something a little simpler, just a fraction of that, but 400K per year is nice.

[Speaker 2] (18:33 - 18:34)
I mean, yeah.

[Speaker 1] (18:34 - 18:47)
That's awesome. It doesn't have all the bells and whistles. It doesn't have to.

That's part of the reason why people use it. And it's simpler for the founder to create, just the basics of being able to upload stuff.

[Speaker 2] (18:47 - 18:51)
Yeah. Even on pricing, it wins a little bit of 13 a month.

[Speaker 1] (18:51 - 18:52)
It's a slightly cheaper.

[Speaker 2] (18:53 - 18:55)
Slightly cheaper. Yeah. It's kind of interesting.

[Speaker 1] (18:55 - 19:38)
Yeah. And what I think may be somewhat overlooked here is it's probably used by businesses a lot. So I noticed in the top, it said, who uses it?

Yeah. Go down. See, it said sales and marketing.

Yes. Tiny is for you. That's what I also love to do is to go and look at who they say they're for.

That will tell you who their ideal customer profile is. So you might think it's just someone uploading a website, but in reality, who's paying for this? Businesses.

And they put sales and marketing. So people working in sales and marketing who want to upload their PDF. They don't know how to use whatever.

This allows them to create a website around a Word document, right? So maybe that's part of it too.

[Speaker 2] (19:38 - 19:44)
I mean, just this little tiny website, real estate pack. It looks like they just uploaded three PDFs.

[Speaker 1] (19:44 - 19:44)
Yeah.

[Speaker 2] (19:45 - 19:59)
And then like now, boom, I can see whatever, this real estate package or whatever. Designers and artists. I want to show you my, I don't know, an example of my site here.

Right. Quickly put it together or whatever. That's interesting.

[Speaker 1] (19:59 - 20:12)
Yeah. Maybe in the age of AI too, this will even get bigger because you can just generate the HTML and CSS with the LLM open AI chat GPT tool and then upload it to here. And then you've got, that's cool.

[Speaker 2] (20:12 - 20:37)
Yeah, yeah. Yeah, you're right. I think that is an interesting point of the specific personas.

It reminds me of like the Cal Day people we were talking about. It's like a service or a little business that might be more willing to use something that's simpler versus whatever, Netlify, nothing against Netlify, but it's like, you know, it's future, futury. I see all these cool apps, but I'm like, oh, those are way bigger than me.

Is that even like for me kind of thing?

[Speaker 1] (20:37 - 20:37)
Yeah.

[Speaker 2] (20:37 - 20:59)
Whereas tiny hosts, you know, it's like, it's simple, just drop, drag and drop. Yep, yep. Build and deploy for the web.

That's like, it's so different. Yeah. Yeah.

So yeah, those are my three ideas that I wanted to bring to the table, but I think the, so you see all these ideas, obviously. And so I think anyone watching is probably thinking like, cool, what are some opportunities to copy and paste today?

[Speaker 1] (20:59 - 21:43)
Yeah, rather than telling you what to do, I'm gonna teach you, I could try to teach you how to fish a little bit. So let's pull up my screen and I'll tell you how to look at, look this up. Cause I could tell, I could come up with some guesses, but what if we actually just used my favorite tool, AI, to come up with an idea.

And I'm gonna say, hey, I want to build a smaller, not a smaller, but a bootstrapped SaaS based on a successful billion dollar. And as I understand, these were all B2B, right? So I think that's important.

How many B2B, huge TAM, and attack a smaller market. Can you give me the top $10 billion SaaS ripe for disruption to accomplish? And we're gonna query.

[Speaker 2] (21:43 - 21:47)
Hell yes, love this strategy. I love when it just like rises you up. Yeah.

[Speaker 1] (21:47 - 22:04)
Oh dude, AI models are so agreeable. That's actually a huge problem. I was talking to someone the other day about they will just do anything you say, basically, question you.

I think that's, there's an opportunity there, like chat GPT, who's like more critical of you. Yeah. That's a podcast for another day.

[Speaker 2] (22:04 - 22:05)
Yeah.

[Speaker 1] (22:05 - 22:25)
Okay, I'm looking through this year and okay, I'm seeing Salesforce CRM, that's a bad place to go. I think CRM because of the changing landscape of AI and free tools and stuff like that. But as I go down, I'm looking, what's an interesting one?

I like DocuSign. That's a good one. Do you like any of these?

I think like QuickBooks. Yeah.

[Speaker 2] (22:25 - 22:33)
You know, I do a little bit of side business stuff and I don't wanna use QuickBooks. It just looks too complicated when I have it. I saw you just use a spreadsheet.

[Speaker 1] (22:34 - 23:37)
Yeah, yeah. So yeah, let's see what we can do with QuickBooks then. So I just start chatting with it like it's my mentor.

I like QuickBooks. Where are the holes right now? It's built for accountants, not founders.

They are too broad, not tailored to specific audiences. I mean, yeah, there's so many opportunities I'm seeing right here that are already true. So QuickBooks for SaaS founders, track MRR runway and Stripe payouts, those profit well and Banner or what was it called?

Bear Metrics. Those are two apps that were built that, yeah, they don't, look, replacing QuickBooks is gonna be hard because all accountants use QuickBooks and they're gonna tell you, please don't use anything else. But there are certain features maybe inside QuickBooks that are able to maybe rip out and turn into their own SaaS.

And that's one example is like, Stripe will tell you your MRR, but it won't tell you like more detailed stuff. And QuickBooks will tell you your cashflow, but it won't tell you your MRR, right? So there are things that come out of there.

Maybe this one here is interesting, coaches and consultants or agencies, invoices, contracts, and taxes. Maybe there's something we can dive. I just like to dive in more specifically.

Let's dive into taxes.

[Speaker 2] (23:38 - 23:45)
It's interesting as this is loading up, I feel like just watching this is interesting in terms of like kind of continuing to cut in.

[Speaker 1] (23:45 - 23:45)
Yeah.

[Speaker 2] (23:45 - 23:53)
Finding like the specific thing, I think is like a, it's an interesting, like a brain exercise.

[Speaker 1] (23:53 - 24:08)
Yep, yep. Because a lot of people want to go and you gotta start small. And you know, there are tax businesses that are billion dollar businesses and they still only solve taxes.

But what's the tax company called on taxes? I just did them TurboTax. TurboTax, right?

[Speaker 2] (24:09 - 24:12)
Yeah. Live tax. Somebody build an alternative to TurboTax, please.

[Speaker 1] (24:12 - 26:32)
Yes. Here's one right here. This one actually hits me on a pain, which is quarterly tax reminders.

You might not know about this because you don't do quarterly taxes for your business or someone watching this may not have to do that, but I have to do it. And I have a calendar invite in my, or a calendar reminder every quarter that tells me, hey, go and do your tax estimates. And that would be cool if there, and then there's also like a new tax thing that just came up with my accountant, which is now I gotta pay taxes in California and I gotta sign up for this thing and it's a huge pain in the ass.

So there's an idea there maybe, and I might even just drill in further, but for purposes of this, I'm gonna give one more little piece of game here before you guys get too bored of what I'm doing, but I don't wanna give this away. But basically what you do is you go and you go to google.com and you go and search quarterly tax reminders, site reddit.com. And there's this more complicated query that we're gonna share in our video coming up, but you can see people, oh, someone's trying to write a Google apps script to remind them to pay estimated taxes, right?

That's the same problem I had. And look at all these people in these Reddit posts. Missed quarterly payment, where do I go from here, r slash tax.

Look at all these responses, right? You guys are gonna love this video we're gonna do. We are going, basically you take all this information from these Reddit posts, you've sourced like 10, 15 Reddit posts, you put it into this special prompt that we're gonna give you.

And then you put it into one of these AI tool creator generators, and it creates a landing page for you based on what people say on Reddit. So it understands the pain points. It creates testimonials for you.

It builds all the features of the app. And then you don't even have to like, I don't wanna say you don't have to validate your idea, but you've got a landing page in one hour. That's what this video is gonna do.

So it's gonna be really cool. So it's a little bit of a teaser for what we got coming on the main channel. But yeah, man, there's so many opportunities.

And what I think is cool is like, if AI didn't exist, AI is giving people the opportunity to go and create the quarterly payment reminder app. That was not possible to do before because you need a development team of 10 developers to help you build this. Now you don't need it because AI will build it for you.

And that's creating an opportunity to create these apps like this where you can make money.

[Speaker 2] (26:32 - 26:51)
Cool, that's all I have for this week. Yeah, I think my big takeaway is just that to not be too scared of places where you see people have already started businesses, because I've heard you say this and others, like we're saturated really just means validated. People are already willing to pay money for that.

And so finding your little slice there is awesome.

[Speaker 1] (26:52 - 26:57)
Yep, cool. All right, well, thanks for watching another episode of the Starter Story podcast. We'll see you in the next one.

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)